pure heaven!
I have been to Asia De Cuba several times
I think the food is amazing
The more people you go with the more you can taste! The staff is always attentive and friendly
One must try the calamari salad! Delicious
Highly, highly recommend
My favorite restaurant in New York!
Either drink some martinis at the bar or get a table
This is cool
Great design
The black bean dumplings are really good and so is the calamari salad
I have been to Asia De Cuba many times and I have never been disappointed with a meal
The calamari salad is a must to start along with the shooters
Seafood ceviche in a shot glass with lemon seafood juice - YUM! The scallops are excellent but you don't get many
The bonito lobster mash is another must
Great place to go with either a large party or just your honey
Great drinks too! If your on a budget wait till a special occasion to take advantage of this place!
Great place to people watch
Trendy decor and did I mention the lovely ladies? I have always enjoyed going here, especially with a big group since the portions are Neanderthal sized
Check it out, it's worth your time and $
Did I mention the hot chicks?
Interesting setting, but do not deserve all the hype
If you are simply curious about this place, I recommend it
It could be a good experience
However, if you like to experience exquisite food and service, this is not a place to go
With the same budget, you will be better off going to somewhere else like Citrus bar and grill or Mesa Grill
I was there three times
Once voluntarily and twice for business
Honestly, food is decent, but nothing special
They also do not have a strong wine list
Unlike hype, you do not get to see that many stylish and attractive people
Food was GREAT! The setup is beautiful, although be prepared for a pretentious crowd
Someone actually came up to my boyfriend at the bar and said So, who are you? (seriously
) And we had to wait for an hour at the bar for a table reserved well ahead of time (although it was for 14 people)
I was in town visiting and made reservations in advanced to eat here on Friday
What a disappointment
We spent $130 on food that we took a few bits and couldn't eat the rest
Our servicer was very pleasant, and the place was great
Way to expensive for horrible food!!! The drinks were a little to pricy also
We were so irritated about how horrible the food was, we didn't stick around to hangout at the bar
Cool place if you don't eat!!!!!
I've been looking forward to dining at Asia de Cuba for quite a while, but reservations at a normal hour are hard to get at this establishment
When I finally got there, the place was well decorated, and the people watching factor was definitely there
Here's the catch: Food Aweful, Drinks, not worth it
why bother going? The place was also so loud you had to yell at the person across from you
Go to a club instead, for this type of scene
We had a wonderful meal with attentive but not over bearing service
Not cheap but, great for a special meal
Wow, we went on a Tuesday night and it was really BUZZING! The interior is fabulous, totally modern and unique with glowing white marble top tables
Serves are very generous and made to share
The Thai beef salad and Cuban chicken was a perfect mix of Asia and Cuba
I highly recommend this Midtown oasis, especially for jaded New Yorkers!
I've been to Asia de Cuba several times since it first opened and found the service to be not too velvet ropey
Our waiters have always have always been kind, the hostesses have always treated us nicely and by the way there have been many saturdays when I showed up without a reservation and rather then give me dirty looks they've always tried to accomodate my friends and I
Look even if they had abysmal service I'd go there for the food and mambo kings
No problem waiting in the bar for a while when you get to talk to beautiful strangers who buy you drinks
We first got a table next to a VERY loud speaker and had no view, but the waiter was kind enough to move us when we asked
We sat upstairs looking down at people eating downstairs
Great!  Maybe we had an advantage being two Norwegian girls on holiday but we had the best experience ever at Asia de Cuba and would recommend it to anyone who looks for great ambience and a decent meal
And it does not hurt to be single!
Great ambience, super drinks, but otherwise disappointing
Like other overnight successes, this one loses its charm quickly
At first opening, everything was great, but they seemed to have lessened the quality of their service and food
not so great the third time around
This place is awesome
Great atmosphere, even better food, drinks, and dessert
I will be back every time I'm in NYC!
I have never had a bad dish at Asia de Cuba and I have been many times with large groups and small groups
My only complaint is that the staff is a bit too velvet rope
But if you ignore them, you will have one of the best meals in your life regardless of what you order
The cocktails, including the blue martinis contrary to the guy from Idaho misguided beliefs are dee-licious
The coconut cake is a must
Asia de Cuba has it all - great food, ambience, service, and tasty drinks
It's a great place to bring a semi-large group because the food proportions are pretty big
It's the ultimate happy hour place with awesome drinks and lots of single people
The adjective to best describe dining at Asia de Cuba is GROSS! Not the dcor, which is spectacular BUT the food! To paint a picture: I ordered a Mai Tai which was much too strong and the watered down Blue Cuban for cocktails
The Lobster and Scallop samplers rank mediocre to satisfactory (this was the consumption highpoint)
The Duck entree was extremely fatty, chewy, and both under-cooked and under-seasoned (I wished they served it with a steak knife -- for only a veteran butcher would be qualified to cut the meat into bite-sized pieces)
The Avocado topped Plantain Fried Rice was sticky and had the consistency of oatmeal
Take my word for it, its a consumption NO NO and a photo shoot DO! If you want to eat, going elsewhere afterwards like I did is a Must!
The all white decor and Spokets dressed waitstaff can be intimidating, but our waitress, who was nice and down-to-earth, and the food (Excellent!) well made up for our initial reaction
Order the Calamari Salad, Tunapica, and the Scallops topped with Coconut Rice!
I loved it!
drinks are great, food is excellent
and the ambiance is very nice, very classy
Nice crowd, great service
I can't wait to go back
Went to Asia on a Thurs
night w/ 6 friends about 9-ish w/o a reservation and got right in
Food (calamari salad (AMAZING!!), lobster potstickers, the lamb, duck, pork, etc
) was out of this world
Literally melts in your mouth
Drinks (and food) are expensive, but if there's a place to splurge, this is it
The crowd may be a bit plastic and there's lots of old cash cows looking for young prey, but if you can get beyond the bar area upstairs and down for a meal, I guarantee it won't disappoint
My husand and I have celebrated our first and second year anniversary here
We never have to wait and the food is outstanding
Try the calamari salad and the crab cakes for appetizers
The coconut cake is heavenly
Our reservations have always been early in the evening, therefore we never wait to be seated or for our food
Some might consider it pricey but well worth the dollars
