A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner? The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau
I would highly recommend this place!
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic
The price is reasonable although the service is poor
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space
The food's as good as ever
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots
One of the tastiest adventures I've ever had! Order the yummy appetizers, but try to save room for the main course
It's hard
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course)
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu
they're all delicious
In Short Nestled in the basement of the elegant Japanese Takashimaya department store is a tiny, relatively undiscovered jewel of a cafe
The silvery beige decor reflects the refined air of the store as a whole
The mini-lunches and afternoon teas combine Eastern and Western ingredients in intricate ways--for example, cucumber on pressed rice sandwiches--and presentation is exquisite
There are over 40 varieties of tea to choose from
After shopping the perennially fabulous Takashimaya proceed to the basement, where you will find the most tranquil restaurant in New York
The ambience, food and service all inspire a sense of total relaxation and peace
Delicious and unusual salads, soups, and bento boxes plus a nicely edited selection of teas
Excellent chocolates
I always leave here feeling relaxed
This cafe is little and the epitome of a Japanese cafe
It's cute and simple and I loved it
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love
If you truly want a bad restaurant experience then by all means go here
Last Saturday, my girlfriends and I went to Kiniko's for all-you-can-eat sushi
When we proceeded to order our food, the waitress interrupted and told us that maybe we had ordered enough for now
When we placed out second order, it took about 45 minutes for it to come
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night
But on other occasions when my roommate visited this place they were also out of torro - just something to add to the list)
The rolls (spicy tuna and salmon) were coated in a layer of rice that was obscene
When we complained that they tasted funny, the waitress didn't believe us
She said they received no complaints from other customers
We asked to see the manager
At first they wanted to ignore us and then finally when we kept glancing at the waitress, he came to our table
He was horrible
He basically told us that we were making trouble
He insisted that the rolls were fine
We told him the tuna and salmon were cooked b/c they were wrapped it in hot rice
To prove to us that he was right, he ate a piece of the roll and made a scene in front of our table
He kept on shaking his head and giving us nasty looks, muttering how unbelievable we were during the rest of our meal
Needless to say we lost our appetite
To top it off, they charged us a 15% service charge for 3 people
No where on the menu that we received did it say that
And you're hungry a few hours later
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted! It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet- go late and it will be packed!
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19
95! The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig! Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere
Definitely will be back!
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19
95 all you can eat
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had
Service can be tediously slow and inattentive when busy
Parking stinks
Kinoko is where I always get take out from, even thought I have my choice of about 10 sushi places in the area
The spicy tuna is great, as is the seasonal spider roll, (soft shell crab)
The all you can eat is a great deal too--go hungry!
For $20, Kinoko is good about not overloading their sushi with too much rice (most of the time)
The service is quick and responsive, and the staff is accomodating
Just watch out for the freshness of the fish
Having eaten at some of the finest Japanese restaurants in NYC, I didn't expect a tremendously high level of quality at Kinoko (especially for the price)
Overall quality? Not too bad
But, the yellowtail was very borderline
My suggestion: when binging on all-you-can-eat, order a mix of different items
Then, load up on the ones that taste the freshest
I live in PA, my sister is in CT, and my parents and other sister are in Long Island - Kinoko's is a great place to meet that is centrally located
We can all sit down, not be rushed, eat to our heart's content, not pay too much, and then roll out the door!!! The sushi is YUMMY, and all-you-can-eat!!!! :) This is a piece of heaven here on earth!!!
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing
You can do it here
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten
I LOVE the all you can eat sushi! It's madness! The service is great - they are very attentive and fast, however, they do make faces and comments when you order alot of the ALL YOU CAN EAT food
But oh well! If you don't go here, you must be INSANE!
This place is great! I always go for the all-you-can-eat special and I always walk out of there vowing to never eat so much sushi again
The best time to go is in the summer when they can make the spider rolls
Went to dinner here for the first time last night under the recomendation of a friend
This intimate Japanese restaurant surprised me with an All You Can Eat Sushi menu for under $20! A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine
The sushi is here FRESH! I was was in heaven with the extensive sushi menu that is offered
Reasonably priced and with great attentive service, I will definitely be back again
Surprised to see quite a few children experiencing sushi as well! Busy the night we went
Reservations would be recommended
This is one of the Best Sushi Places in town
The seafood is fresh, the service is excellent, and all you can eat for under $20
What can I say? I went here all 4 years that I lived in the area, and being a not-so-loaded student, it was a great place to go for some good sushi and a very pleasant comforting atmosphere
Even celebrated 3 of my birthdays there as well
:)  Enjoy!
Best sushi/Japanese for the money!!! Almost always get the sushi-sashimi for 2, and something new everytime
Yummy!
