Don't worry, the cops do it too
After all, this is Bklyn at its best
This place is great--I used to go as a kid with a friend's family and I started going back several years ago
Good pizza, awesome spumoni, and great dinner prices in the restaurant area
Portions are huge and enough to eat for two more days!! Even the salads are enormous! Try the Caesar
I always bring non native Brooklynites and I have never heard a complaint--good bang for the buck! Be prepared to wait as it gets packed but feel free to enjoy the view of the cute cops and firemen that show up constantly! Always a plus!
Spumoni Gardens pizza is one of the best pizza I have had in Brooklyn
When I lived in the area, my family had this pizza every Friday
Either we go and eat the pizza there in there open air seating area or we would have it delivered
I know live out of state down south, but every time I return to Brooklyn, Spumoni Gardens is definitely one of my stops
You would definitely agree that is the best pizza around!
L B Pizza is truly a treat!!! We live all the way in Southern N
J
My husband commutes to N
Y
When he's in Brooklyn, the kids and I ask him to pick it up and bring it home for us
We anticipate dinner time all day until it gets here
It's so unbelieveable
The taste is so consistent for years!! Everyone that tries it will agree
AMC
This is the stuff pizza is made of
The perfect crust with lots of hot oozing mozzarella on a seasoned-just-right pizza
The perfect Bensonhurst pizza
LB pizza is among the best in the world
It is very easy to scarf down 4 slices without even batting an eyelash
My parents used to live across the street from the restaurant in the Marlboro Projects and whenever we leave Long Island and cross over through Brooklyn we have to grab a dozen slices because they are just that good
The food at the restaurant is great too
I have never eaten something that I didnt like
The best spumoni and Sicilian pizza this side of the Atlantic
hands down
My parents moved my 4 sisters I to Brooklyn in 1953, I was 16
LB was the 1st place we went to eat I've been there at least 1 or 2X's a month until I moved my family to Monroe, NY in 1981
Summer was the best, you always met ur friends there
The thing i really missed was the clam bar
Still whenever I visit my nephew Carmine, iI stop by LB's bring home a whole sheet of Sisilian pizza frozen Spumoni
If you have never tried LB's Sicilian pizza you have no idea what you are missing
Whether you are a native New Yorker, a transplanted NYr, or a tourist you must make your way to LB and try their Sicilian pizza
It will literally make you feel like you have died and gone to heaven
Their restaurant is also amazing
The Italian dishes they prepare are magnificent! My ultimate favorite is chicken parmigiana with spaghetti
And their house wines are excellent
Did I mention that their ice cream will leave you begging for more? If you live in Brooklyn or are close by LB Spumoni Gardens is a must come on you owe it to your taste buds
Me and my wife we go there at least once a month, the food they give you is amazing we only get one order of pasta and main course it is enough for both to share,we get full and satisfied, our favorite dish penne with pesto
Try it you won't regret it
I moved to Jersey from gravesend BKLYN and I have been going here for pizza and spumoni ever since I ate solid foods! I rave about this place to everyone when they talk about good pizza (theres no such thing in jersey)
The pizza can't be beaten and the spumoni is the best I've ever had
I give this place an A+++
AS A YOUNG GIRL I TRAVELED WITH MY FAMILY ON SATURDAY NIGHTS FOR THE PIZZA AND SPUMONI OF COURSE
NOW I AM 44 YRS OLD AND MY FAMILY TRAVELS IN FROM PENNSYLVANIA THE FIRST THING THEY ASK IS 86ST OUT OF THE QUESTION? OH COME ON LETS GO AND 90 MINUTES LATER ALL THE GENERATIONS GO TO LB FOR THE WORKS
WE START OUT WITH SPUMONI WHILE THE PIZZA IS MADE FOR US THEN WE FINISH OFF WITH IT FOR DESSERT!!! MY SON AND MY UNCLE HAVE CONTESTS TO SEE HOW MUCH THEY CAN EAT
THE MEMORIES THAT ARE MADE AT THIS PLACE
For 39 years the quality of the pizza pies, both Neapolitan and Sicilian styles, has been the very best in the City of New York! The Italian food is great and plentiful too
In the summer the tables outside are usually full with happy eaters
Try the Roasted Artichoke hearts!  Best silcian slice I know of, in all of Brooklyn
When I was a kid, in summer, coming back home, we would pick up LB Spumoni Gardens' sicilian pizza, Lemon ice and pistacchio spumoni
Go to grandma grandpa's in Bensonhurst
The quality of the square pizza
unrivalled; the taste
exquisite! The ices and the spumoni were perfect desserts to the pizza
The sauce on the pizza was the best; it was thick and it QUENCHED your craving
Years later, when I go, the same sounds; the same smells and the same feel to the place--and it is one that I associate with good family love and happy times
But most of all, the tastes are still the best! If you want to capture the essence of Brooklyn Sicilian-American popular culture, the LB Spumoni Gardens is the place to be
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round
I can't go into brooklyn (From NJ) without stopping at the Garden
I was talking to a guy in line once, at LB, and he told me I just got out of jail I came straight here, I didn't even see my mother yet
This place is the best and nothing compares to it
Delicious food, just stay away from the specials of the day! Great Desserts, great ice cream, just GREAT!!!
Pizza in New York
Without a doubt
There is no way you can eat one slice
Whether it be round or square, with topping or without, and no matter how full you are, you're going to order more
So just get yourself two to begin with
And leave room for the Spumoni!
Order from Spumoni Gardens this past Friday night because my niece was up from Florida and she loves their pizza
Well we were very disapponted it was not up to the usual standards (order the sicilian pie)
It was mushy and stuck to our teeth which means it must of been undercooked
There was no crispness to it at all
I know that their Sicilian pie is not very crispy, but this was like mush
I hope this is not an indication of what is to come for LB Spumoni Gardens because if it is we won't be ordering from them again
I lived a few blocks from L B
I moved to Texas four years ago and since then have not been able to eat or taste a slice as great as LB's pizza
Go there and sit outside on a warm summer day and enjoy your slice and right after top it off with one of their great icecream deserts
My mother is coming out to visit for new years and guess what she is bringing me YES!!! YOU GOT IT!! A great big slice of LB;s yum yum can't wait
While the outside pizza area is wonderful, don't overlook the restaurant itself
Great service and tremendous portions of excellently prepared food make LB's Spumoni Gardens tops
And don't forget to have some Spumoni for dessert
Hi, I've got more to say about the Spumoni Gardens, I live on Long Island and atleast once a week my family and I have my father stop by the Spumoni Gardens when he is in Brooklyn, even if he is completely on the otherside and it is totally out of his way just to get the pizza
We even have him get it, say if half of the 6 of us already ate and he calls and says he will get it, even then we have him pick it up and we all have a second dinner!! So no matter what any raters' say the Spumoni Gardens pizza is phanominal!!
This is great pizza
But know that it's sicilian style Grandma pizza, which means that it's got sauce on top of the cheese
This old favorite dishes out terrific trays of pizza for young and old and of course, amazing spumoni
I love the fact that this made the best pizza list, all the way out in Brooklyn
Also, all the cops eat here, which is a glowing recommendation itself
The sauce (or gravy) is unlike any I've tasted
sweet and flavorful
They seem to put the sauce over the mozzarella which allows the sauce to be the primary taste
love it! The oven gives it a crisp well-done taste again, unlike any other Sicilian pizza I've ever had
and I've tried them all!  Only one thing that I must mention -if you are ordering a pie for delivery order very early as you may wait over an hour if it is a busy night
they don't seem to need the business and it's almost worth waiting for!
