I am in the minority when I disagree with the rating of L B
The pizza was a novelty and for awhile fabulous, but now other neighborhood pizzerias have perfected the L B square pizzas
The sauce is so so and the dough is soggy, raw
not what I like in a slice of pizza
The spumoni on the other hand is a must have
A Brooklyn institution
Always a line because the pizza's that good
Guaranteed to run into old friends or maybe a pro baseball player or two!
If you want and old world feel, old fashioned italian cuisine service? Go to L B Spumoni Gardens
They've been in business for about 60 years
The main dining area is small and cozy
They also have outside seating
And the best sicilian slice I've ever tasted!!! You can even eat it cold
Oh, and the spumoni ice cream is home made and mouth watering
NOW THIS IS BROOKLYN
We ALL know that the Sicilian Pies and the Spumoni are the BEST!!!!  However, the L B Pasta House is unbeatable
The quality of food and the value are unmatched
The Executive Chef Leonard Kern aka (Lenny) has amazing talent
His specials change weekly, and are AMAZING!!!! He has turned The Pasta House into a culinary adventure
He brings class and sophistication to a neighborhood favorite
CITY FOOD AT BROOKLYN PRICES
Next time you are at LB, try the pasta house, you won't regret it
The wait may be long on the weekend, but that just proves it's quality and popularity
People Know good food and keep coming back for more
Remember, they don't take reservations, so get there early and be nice to the hostesses, THEY WORK HARD!!!!
If you haven't tried LB square pizza you are definitely missing out
It's unlike any other pizza in New York (maybe the country)!! The sauce is zesty, the crust is crunchy and the cheese, well you don't see the cheese, but it's there!! Any LB lover can put away at least 3-4 slices at a time and still have room for the outrageous supmoni! Go there! You won't dissappointed and if you are, then there is something wrong with you! Salute!!!!
I have been eating L B for my whole life
LUCKY ME! I have resently moved out of town and BOY DO I MISS A SLICE
The pizza and spamoni are like no other around
I have tried copy cats on staten island and no on will every match it
To go and a have a slice, sit and hang out and see poeple you grew up with, is GREAT
They carry on the tradition of haveing a slice with thier kids
The resturant has the best penne alla vodka sauce i have ever had
When I come into town everyone knows were I will be heading as soon as I get off the plane
so who ever reads this ENJOY!!!!
I can't believe LB is rates one of the best places in NY to find good pizza
Maybe at one time, but now YUCK!! The pizza is soggy
It is gross
I live 2 blocks from there
I drive 20 minutes to my old neighborhood for good pizza
Seriously, if you like thin pizza with a krispy crust
LB is NOT the place to go
Since LB is a landmark, of sorts, it is always jammed packed with people who don't what good pizza is
Therefore, the service is horrible
The counter guys are very nasty
On the other hand---LB SPUMONI is great!!
I have been coming to the Spumoni Gardens since I married my wife(13 yrs), who is related to the L B family
I have to say it is the best Sicilian pie I have eaten in the world! We stop by anytime we are in the area
Keep up the great work!
Thin crust, lots of sauce and very little cheese, it's not your typical Sicilian slice of pizza, but can't explain why I have a hard time eating less than 4 of those babies! Top that off with some great Spumoni and that's just about makes a perfect summer day!
Spumoni Gardens has the BEST pizza in Brooklyn!! The spumoni is also the greatest
Yum Yum
Not your typical Brooklyn triangle pizza that's served on every corner
LB puts the cheese on the bottom with tons of sauce on top
Anyone I've met who has tried it, has loved it
It's so good, we send gophers from Wall St to pick up pies for lunch
The spumoni (italian ice cream) also deserves raves
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer
Definitely worth the trip
Beside the pizza area is their Pasta House, it's a 10+ ! The wait may be long (sometimes up to 1 hour) but it is well woth it
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful
Their main chef Louie, makes the oddest specials you will ever see and the portions are quite large
You will probably take home leftovers
You must try it and see for yourself
L B Spumoni Gardens has without a doubt the world's best Sicilian pizza
People line up year round for slices right out of the oven
This mouth watering treat has very little cheese and is topped with bright red sauce with a bit of a bite
The crust is crispy and well done
Even though I moved away to Staten Island 22 years ago, I still make it my business to stop by 86th street several times a year to whet my palate
The only downside is that it tastes best when eaten hot out of the oven
the square is super crusty with a thick layer of mozzella cheeze and a sweet tomatoe sauce
Only drink is Pepsi in cans but you can top it off with a pistatsio spumoni
bellisimo!
I Love the sicilian pizza
Great thick crust Wonderful rainbow spumoni
I asked two Italian cops on the Staten Island Ferry where to get the best pizza in Manhattan
Little Italy?? Nah
they answered in unison
Brooklyn
LBs! They were right
Great veal Parmesan too
located in a part of brooklyn you probably didn;t know existed, but if you can find it, you'd better believe it's worth the trip
whatever you get to eat, make sure to save room in your belly for the spumoni, and in your freezer for the quart you'll want to bring home
this is for sure the best! forget all the rest! Their italian ice is killer too!!!! You can stay int he nice rest
part or eat take out or the pizza joint side
The best pizza in Brooklyn and people
There squares and spumoni are to die for
Spumoni Gardens used to be one of the best ever
A true Mecca for pizza lovers, particularly for devotees of Sicilian
It hasn't been that good for at least 10 years!
I have lived in Brooklyn all my life and when you live in Brooklyn you know that Spumoni Gardens is the best
The place is legendary, and with good reason
Stop complainingevery time I'm in NY from Florida I go to LB
The best for all the years and the memories
The Sicillan is the best in Florida its cardboard
LB is an institution who cares about triple parking on 86 Street
Been going their sice 64 cut many classes from Lafayette their
I wish they open up in Florida
They have the best sauce on the Sicilian pizza in the WORLD
