The tables are placed extremeley close to one another, in fact, we could hear every word the party next to us said
Pastis is an enduring favorite
from the beautiful decor, friendly and informative staff to the wonderful food and energetic vibe
this place has it all
Absolutely the best lamb I've ever eaten
My boyfriend and I had our first date here and we come back regularly for drinks, dinner, breakfast
we always love the experience and are always satisified and impressed
!!! Very Highly Recommended !!!
Besides being crowded the place was great
Great food, great service, and great value
everything about Pastis is spectacular
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts
Shrimp cocktail was good, nicoise salad great, steak frites so goood!, fettucine with wild mushrooms was amazing, and best of all with the warm choc cake with vanilla bean ice cream for dessert
The waiters hovered a little bit, but overall you cannot beat the atmosphere here- highly highly recommended!!
Pastis is perfect to go to late at night for terrific food and a cool scene
The steak tartare is right on, the frites are always crisp, the sandwiches and bistro fare satisfying
The drinks are also excellent
The service can be harried, but what can you expect with the crazy crowds
I always run into people there that I know, especially chefs
A great time to go is mid-afternoon - the light is beautiful and it's less crazy, you can sit back and relax with a cafe au lait
We had 10 p
m
reservations, arrived a few minuted early and were seated promtly at 10 p
m
We requested an outside table and had no problem getting it
Inside was very loud as it was extremely busy
Martinis were great
I had a raspberry, champagne and limonade Martini
The food was fantastic as was the scene
However, we did feel rushed
Our appetizers arrived not even 5 minutes after we ordered them
We did not even have time to finish our drink from the bar before our entrees arrives
I would definitely go back, but I would insist on longer meal, by waiting to order, and by ordering salad as a separate course not at the same time as the table's appetizers
Great food, good vibe, I'll be back there no doubt about it
its great for people watching, but thye food is below average and far too expensive
The hostess was unfriendly and rude
We got the check when they took our dining plates!!!
I have eaten at Pastis quite a few times, And i must say without fail its always AMAZING! I long for the summers so I can have the cucumber/tomato/feta salad
And I cant wait for the winter so I can endulge in the warm Octupus white bean salad!  The bar scene is great! And you will aways see A list celebs dining here! I would highly reccommend breakfast/brunch here! dont forget to sit outside in the summer!!!
This review is based on breakfast/brunch: I called on Saturday for a table the next day (knowing it was unlikely that I'd get one) and the reservations person told me that there were no tables available
I asked about coming really early and he said there would probably be a 15 min to 1 hr wait
So I risked it
Got there at 9:20am and it was pretty much empty
So much for that but at least I got my table! Overall, the food is not that great (brunch is pricey, weekday breakfast is decent)
Sevice is VERY ordinary
Despite that, I still really like the restaurant
It has great atmosphere
LOVE Pastis
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Their mait're d is gorgeous, and puts you in a marvelous mood the minute he seats you, but oooooh, it's all about the steak frites with the delicious bearnaise! Worth a slight wait at the bar, when they're too booked to seat you immediately
We had a great time there for a Sunday brunch though here's an important tip: a reservation is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Space is charming if a bit tight but the great food and attentive service make up for it
Balanced visitors with interesting but not posh attitude
100% French feeling
Good for pre or after a night club and any weeknight
American Nazi waiter seemed to oscillate between oblivious to our presence and aggressively unhappy we were there
Tables are arranged so as to make rush hour subway commuters feel at home
Just not worth it
I mean, it's a fun scene and the food is decent
Having eaten here several times, it's tough to say that the food and ambience counter affect the ill -thought out bar space and attitude ridden waitstaff
I mean, they keep making you move while you are standing waiting for a table and you absolutely have NOWHERE to go
then again, once you are sitting, it's fun
Fine if you can deal with feeling like you're in the subway at rush hour getting pushed around
Otherwise, it's day has come
Ciao, Pastis!
pastis is consistently great
the food is solid - not spectacular - but very good
the ambience is electric and i've always had great service
get the croque madame or monsieur - better than i had recently in paris
and i like the wine in table glasses - it's meant to be casual
it's not jean-georges, and it's not meant to be
very accomdating for larger groups of people too
Everything was fine until the coffee
It was burned
When I returned it, the waitress came back and sheepishly reported that it ws *supposed to taste like that
* She replaced it with an espresso, which was served cold
When the check arrived, I was charged for both items
When I asked the manager to remove the coffee, she did so without question, but never asked why and never followed up on the issue (she was far too busy flirting with the male waiters)
It was a sad end to an expensive, but otherwise decent meal
One time there you could get a great meal
Go again next week it could be pretty tasteless
The crowd is much more attractive than Baltazar at least in the last year, but if you're going to eat, Baltazar is ALWAYS on the money
Keep going downtown dont chance it
I thought I was back in Paris when I walked into Pastis
It gave me a warm fuzzy feeling
at first
But, the bar was so packed with people, trying to wedge my way in to get a drink pre-dinner was not easy
Once seated at my table, the crowded dining room was a little overwhelming as well
No privacy here at all
But, the food was very good
The service was fine
I ordered the braised beef it was delicious
I would definitely recommend Pastis to all but the claustrophobic
Despite my dislike of the crowded aspect, I would go back
Always great!
food or just drinks - very cool! mixed crowd - european/ nyc/ couples/ singles - lots to chat about! many people who come to Pastis are really special characters! interesting to get to know
Indeed
it's a bit pricey
but! you'r paying for the selectiveness!
Okay! Okay! OKay! the meat packing distric is cool, blahblah
