The food however, was average and did not live up to the price
This is the best Steakhouse that i've ever been to (I've been to Luger's, Sparks, Morton's, etc
)
Amazing lounge, amazing food, amazing service (not stuffy at all), amazing wine list, amazing drinks!! It doesn't get any better; sure its pricey, but its a rarity in this city because its actually worth it!!
I've been to peter's, wolfgang's, and nickstef's Bt this ROCKED!!!! I went with 3 other people two ordered the prime rib (WOW!!!! a MUST!!!! TRULY GREAT!!!!) one ordered the carpetbager (Ok, does it get any better?--no i think not! another WoW!) I had the wellington
The Bar was great
strong drinks too
the staff was wonderful
the lighting was great, romantic/trendy if you would  when you think about hitting a steakhouse THIS should be your pick (its a cant miss if your in your 20's and dont want to be sitting next to your father's friends in those other steakhouses!)  when was the last time you went to a trendy place and was able to hear the person across from you??? hasnt happened to me in sometime
this place was great!!! Trendy (w/amazing food) and yet music in the backround and was able to hear the person sitting across from me
Taking Citysearch's advice my wife and I chose the highest rated 'romantic' restaurant
Aside from our table not being ready upon arrival and the extremely loud dining area
made conversation hard, we had a great time
The food is outstanding
I had the Carpetbagger Steak which I could cut with a fork!! They also have a great drink menu
I would highly recommend Dylan Prime!
I LOVE CITYSEARCH! Without it i would have never found such a great place
Brought my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday
Ambiance was great; we were sat in a romantic corner booth which enabled us to sit closer together
The service was excellent; our server Sebastian made very helpfull recommendations and left us wanting for nothing more
My wine glass and water glass were never empty
I asked where the ladies room was and the hostice actually walked me there
What about the food? SUPERB STEAKS!! He got the carpetbagger and i went a-la-carte which i would recommend b/c you can then build your own meal
I asked for the steak to be cooked a certain way and it couldn't have been better! Mouth Watering! Be sure to try the Green Beans with almonds and garlic
Truely an amazing side dish with incredible flavor
A+++ to Dylan Prime!
We arrived there at 9:00pm on a Thursday night with our party of 6
The decor is absolutely sensational yet cozy and energetic
People were sipping on their cocktails having enjoyable conversations
Young crowd, pretty faces
The food was excellent!!! Try the ribs they are out of this world
I had a NY strip steak it was so juicy and full of flavor with a choice of sauce (herb barnaise)
The service was excellent
Our waiter was so polite and accommodating with his humble suggestions to help us with our choices
It's great for a romantic dinner; make sure to reserve a table/both next to the cellar
We loved, it loved it, loved
My husband and I went for dinner, we've been trying to go for ever We've sent alot of our clients here based on the menu I found on-line and been told the experience is incredible
The food, the staff, the atmosphere were all incredible!! My husband had the Veal Chop and I, the surf and Turf - From start to finish everything was impeccable
We own / operate an exclusive limousine service in the hamptons and will continue to bring and recommend our clients to Experience The Difference as we say in our advertising
The most enjoyable restaurant I have ever been to
the staff is top notch, the food is amazing and the drinks to die for
The bar scene is really good
Nice dark room, good mellow acid jazz and world music (I actually heard Ozomatli) playing really sets the mood
Lots of good looking people
Friendly staff
sit at the bar and watch your drink keep getting refilled!  The restaurant was top notch too
There may be better Steaks in the city, but no place can bring both the food, and people together like this one
If you are under 40 and want a nice steak and fun, come downtown first
You know when people ask you for some place new to eat for a good meal? If they're meat-eaters, I recommend this place
The ambience is sleek (almost too sleek), the service is great, and the food is amazing
We started with the fondue and all had the filet mignon, two of us with the mushroom chapeau
Absolutely delicious, good cut, nicely cooked
Side dishes were great and when we shared dessert, I ordered a pie-tini (key lime w/ a graham cracker rim) which was a dessert in itself, I found! I can't wait for the next special occasion that brings us back here
Horrible service
Waited an hour past our reservation time and then left
The host was very inexperienced and kept insisting our table would be ready in '5 minutes'
Nice place to go with a group, even though it's in an out of the way location
The ambience is pretty cool, and there's a nice bar scene in the lounge area
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag
The steak was well prepared and the apps were tasty, but we weren't blown away
The service was only average - even with reservations we waited 40 minutes, and had to ask for our table, which had been ready, the hostess just never bothered to tell us
Overall - I'd recommend the restaurant for a group night out, but be prepared to spend some cash
Excelent every way - food, service, ambiance, and attitude! A steak house for a date
I was expecting more
My 'larger' filet mignon was small and not very tender or tasty
I had to drench it in sauce, which is usually a sign that the steak does not have much flavor
We ordered a side of cream of spinach and fries
The spinach was barely cream style, more like sauteed spinach
Even worse, it was a very, very small serving
Fries were good though
My friend order the T-Bone
nothing special
Overall it is a pretty cool environment but the food is nothing great
Its fine, but not a top steakhouse in NYC by any stretch
We made the mistake of ordering the 2 lb lobster
It was more like a 1 lb lobster
We complained and ordered another one in the shell to gauge the size
The manager came out very defensively and insisted that it was a 2 lb lobster
When we asked to see one in the shell, she disappeard for 15 minutes and to no great surprise, came out to tell us that they did not have one in the shell
According to her, the lobster is boiled in the am, then broiled upon request in the evening and it seems small b/c the lobster shrinks down when broiled
what? She then suggested that if we did not like it, we should dine elsewhere
Well, finally we both agree on something--won't ever dine there again
The owner was equally defensive and downright monkey-like
0's across the board
This place was recommended to me by my girlfriend
I cannot remember the last time I had such a great dining experience!!!! The staff was helpful and very attentive
Have the Fondue and the Carpetbagger Steak and you wont be disappointed
After dinner head to their sexy candle-lit lounge for an equally terrific experience
And don't forget to try their dessert cocktails (Pietins)YUM!!!!!!!
HAVE THE CARPET-BAGGER IT IS THE MOST AMAZING STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!! The bar at Dylan Prime has the best cocktails in NY
you have to try the Cake-tails and Pie-tinis
GO!
Excellent hip, romantic atmosphere
Service is impecable, the food is great starting with the strong, yummy martinis to the fondue appetizer to the excellent surf and turn special, filet and lobster tails done perfectly
Its pricey, but hey that's new york
This is a delicious place both for the eye and the palate
With a romantic setting with dim lighting and funky dcor, topped off with good service and probably the best steak Ive had, how can you go wrong?   The horseradish mash potatoes and a New York strip with foie gras truffle butter as chapeaux were just divine
The only bad thing was when the waiter put regular tap in glass with mineral water! Oh la la we said service was good, not exceptional
steak with the cheese baked on top is the best in nyc
found by accident, this one a winner
