This past Saturday though I had to entertain some guests from out of town and we decided to get up early to try Alfama's brunch
I'm glad we did -- it was fabulous! They make a great Bloody Mary and the codfish burger they served was just delicious and what a creative, clever concept! Who knew? My friends had more traditional items like omelets and pancakes, but they had a nice Portuguese touch to them
Although it's a track for me to come into the city on Saturday morning, this brunch definitely makes it worth my while!
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed
We didn't have a reservation and everyone was really busy
But instead of being told sorry, we don't have a table for you, the hosts, who I later found out were the owners, were so charming in the way they asked us if we didn't mind eating at the bar that we decided to stay
We absolutely loved the experience, not only because brunch was delicious but because Miguel and Tarcisio, the owners, took really good care of us
We had the best time hanging out with them at the bar; plus we got a whole lesson on Portuguese Ports and Madeira
We can't wait to go back
I've been living in Manhattan for about eight months now and after doing the culinary circuit of fine dining restaurants the flavors of home called to me
Boy! am I glad I found Alfama
It made me proud to be Portuguese! Everything was executed with a great deal of care and attention to detail, from the decor to the food
The codfish dishes tasted as authentic as being back home in O Porto and the Mariscada Alfama had the exact same flavors as a delicious Sunday lunch with family and friends
What impressed me the most though, is the extensive wine list
I never thought I'd see so many great Portuguese wines under the same list
Parabns Alfama!
Forgettable experience
Had dinner Sat Nite, felt rushed thru out the whole meal
Pasta was over cooked, the octopus which cost a fortune came to the table like it was just plopped on the plate
I read great things about the place
so, sad to see that it didnt happen on our night
The waiter was probably the only thing that made the meal bearable, so friendly and amiable
but even he couldnt save the Night
Very dissapointing
What a rip off!! The food came over cooked
the waiter just came by and plopped it on the table, no finesse
just like a Diner, I dont have a problem with Diners, but i paid 25 bucks for my food
is it too much to expect that it looks like some one gave a Damn about it!!! I wish I could write a more detailed review about the food
but frankly, it was so dull and lifeless
I cant remember anything extraordinary except the knot in my stomach after I got the Bill
I suggest visiting the Chinese place across the way, at least there they dont pretend to be something they are NOT! Waste of Space
and will definately be a waste of your time and money
I'm assuming they just had a really off night, since I've not heard of this restaurant having service problems, but they were so incompetent on the night I was there that the manager gave us free drinks free desserts and many apologies
The food was good enough that I would give it another try
I was told that the Menu had changed because of Spring and I was surprised to see a more coherent menu
I have been here several times and the menu had always intimidated me
but the Spring Menu was a God Send!! I had the Tuna, which was crispy on the outside and a gorgeous red in the middle, the onion sauce was sweet and bright
the asparagus crisp but tender all at the same time
The food we got was beautiful
and it tasted even better
My server was great, friendly and attentive
I am glad to see all these new changes
its fast becoming my favorite restaurant in the West Village
Great Dining Experience
I was lucky enough to come in today and be one of the first to try the new Spring Menu
So many wonderful choices
I am definately going to come back and try all of them
We had the duck with strawberries, it was a little small for two people but it was a great appetizer- the strawberries were coated with a thick balsamic vinagrette
and it made the flavor of the duck come out and the sauce was indescribable
you just have to stop by and taste it for yourself - you'll see duck in a whole new way
My husband and I have been going to Alfama for some time now but lately make it a point of visiting this haven every single week! There are just so many wonderful new menu items that I have to try them all before they change to the summer menu!
and I believe that is soon! The fresh sardines are back! What a dish! The very best I have had outside Portugal and not to mention the grilled octopus and scallops which are to die for! For entre, I recommend the salt cod dishes or the seafood cataplana or if you prefer meat, do not miss the organic filet mignon on a hot stone!! How creative!
I also like the feijoada which is similar to the Brazilian one but served with red or white beans
Chef Luis has been extremely imaginative in his presentation and this exotic dish is served differently! Try it!
I am the complete kind of gal and when it comes to dining out
I have to eat dessert! So, let me tell you
Do try the pastis de nata
traditional Portuguese custard cakes which take you straight to heaven! If you have been to Lisbon and have tasted the Pastis de Belm
you will know what I am talking about! And, last but not least, congratulations to the Alfama crew for the wonderful service, always very professional, attentive and courteous and make it a point of going out of their way to make us feel welcome and at home! Don't miss this it!
Alfama is my favorite restaurant for all the special occasions
The clean dcor, with Portuguese paintings on the wall, the incredible wine list, the amazing food, with an explosion of flavor, everything is so impeccable that I could go there every week! I have tried many dishes but my favorites are Caldo Verde (potato and onions base with sliced collared greens - delicious!), Bacalhau Espiritual (the backed gratin of salt cod with shrimp tastes like heaven!!!) and the Crme brule (just to close a perfect meal!)
The service is caring and attentive
Dont forget to ask for a Port Wine they have the best list in town!
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch
Although it was quite good, the small portions at this table of 4, including appetizers, did not constitute adequate sustenance
It was matched, only,by indifferent service
It was disappointing because the quality of the kitchen was very good
I would not return for a $30 entree of inadequate portions
My boyfriend and I had the pleasure of trying Alfama on Saturday evening
The restaurant was booked for the night with reservations, but they made room for us at the bar
Since I don't know Portugese food, we asked the owner what he would recommend
Very friendly, professional, helpful, comical, and inspiring to talk with
living his dream
Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, but when we tasted the chicken and the pork tenderloin
it was surprisingly beautiful, delicious, and a real treat! We enjoyed the atmosphere
sophisticated, warm, and romantic scene
The bathroom was beautiful and spotless
lit only by candlelight
I highly recommend this NYC treasure
Feels great to support the owners who are commited to perfection
it shows
Great Job Alfama! Never thought I'd be a Portugese food fan
but after being so WOWed
I can say we will definitely be back to this NYC gem
:)
Last night I took my in-laws for a family dinner to Alfama and they were featuring this regional gastronomic tasting menu
Since we're not familiar with Portuguese food, our waiter recommended we give the regional menu a try
I'm glad we did
The food was delicious, really interesting and worthy at $48 per person for a four-course meal
The codfish wrapped in bacon and cabbage didn't sound appealing when I read it, but I ordered it
It tasted amazing! Our wines were expertly paired with each dish and a bargain at $30 for the pairing (very good wines)
My husband just had a main course, the Piri-Piri prawns (jumbo prawns in a fiery Portuguese sauce) and they were succulent and grilled to perfection
The in-laws will be going home soon, but we've found a favorite
Fresh, delicious food, nice and knowledgeable staff
I totally recommend it!
While my mom and I were walking in the West Village, we stumbled upon Alfama, a charming and squeaky clean restaurant on Hudson Street
We immediately decided to try it and were also curious to sample Portuguese food, which neither one of us had had before
Mom had the selection of cheeses to start - delicious!! I had the pork belly appetizer, which was incredible! For the main course, mom had the steak on the stone, which was so tender that she said it melted in her mouth
I had the filet of salt cod over garlicky mashed potatoes -- amazing! The wine director guided us through their spectacular wine list and everything was paired beautifully
We were so stuffed that we couldn't have desserts
