I have never come back disappointed
it's one of the best Indian restaurants on the island - great food and excellent service!
Well, you get a Bib, what more do you want? For all you seafood fanatics! This place is truely a different type of indian food
We had paneer masala, which was pretty good, a 8 on a scale of 10
Pakora, a 8
For dinner, our party of 4 had 3 typical dishes which were atypically delicious! the 4th dish was made to our liking, it was not on the menu, but the service is wonderful and adapts to your wishes
I'd suggest this restaurant to anyone who has the cash! 4 people-100 dollars, (and we're vegetarian) parking is only 50% validated
BE CAREFUL OF THE SPICES IF YOU CANT HANDLE IT!
Nice service, delicious food, quiet ambiance, local music not too loud
a very pleasant evening! Good to know: portions are pretty big, and they can accomodate any special food request
This is some of the best Indian food I've ever had! The ambience was a little bit quirky and fun, and yet romantic; the food was spicy and distinctive; and the service was unusually good
It's on the pricey side for Indian food, but it was well worth it! Great vegetarian options! I highly recommend it!
This place was an excellent experience all around
Four of went to the 49th St
location for dinner
GREAT service! GREAT food! The place was even warm given the temps outside were very cold this weekend
The decor was right on
Value wise, we thought we received a great value
We were staying at the W Hotel nearby, and they recommended this place - glad they did
They were quite helpful and very flexible, even though they specialize in the northern dishes, they were willing to make us some madras
It was wonderful
Their buffet lunch just can't be beaten
All you can eat and the curries are delicious
Service is attentive without being too intrusive
Definitely worth going to
Expected terrible service and high prices - that was confirmed quckly as waiter cared less about us
Food was a mixed bag
Naan tasted like it had been made hours before, rice was good
Appetizer of quail was nothing special
Main dishes - Vindaloo chicken OK, massive hunk of lamb decent
Best dish was Chicken Mahakana (don't remember spelling) - Tikka Masala esque but more creamy
Portions were generous
All in all - too expensive for what you got - which was slightly sub-standard Inidan fare with bad service
Bukhara grill has an all you can eat lunch that is a great value, delicious and high quality, I'd recommend it just for that
Service is extremely attentive (they clear your plate and give a new one every time you get up for more food) and not at all rush you out
YUM
A little pricy, but great place for a date
very trendy/romantic and the food is absolutely amazing (small portions though)! Food is more easy on the stomach than most Indian places!!
great spicy indian food and the service is good and the restaurant it great
One word - amazing! Few more words? Okay - I actually went to their newest location on 58th St
(2nd/3rd) We made a reservation at the last minute and didn't think we needed it when we walked in, but then the place filled in quickly! The wooden menus are pretty cool
Choosing appetizers and entrees from it was even more fun! They have a great variety to choose from and if you're not sure one of the many waiters can explain them
The prices were understandable, not too expensive - but worth every penny
Hey - it's cheaper than a trip to India!!!
The Bukhara Grill is the best restaurant I've been to in years
Although I'm white, Indian food is my favorite type of food, and I have yet to find a better Indian restaurant
The service was great, the food was great and I will defiantly be back for more!
This place was great
I took advantage of their 14
99 all you can eat buffet lunch special with a couple of friends of mine last week, and none of us were displeased
The moment you walk in you are bombarded with unbelievable smells and aromas
The place has a nice warm feeling to it and the food just can't be beat
If you like Indian cusine you will love the Bukhara Grill
The service is superb and the food is superb as well
Esp
for chicken lovers and tandoor lovers and even veggies
like me
But the best part for me is the superb management of the restaurant
its a very refreshing change to see a well-managed, courteous Inidan restaurant
This place is close to work, and has awesome buffet lunch for not much $$
Though the best indicator of its quality is the many Indians who come
Its worth a jaunt if you're in the neighborhood
Being Indian, I am very picky about the Indian restaurants i go to and the price I am willing to pay, hwoever, Bukhara is my personal favorit and does not require much convincing
The food is excellent, the service is great and so is the restaurant
Located in mid town on the east side, it has the best lunch buffet spread ever seen and great food too, for very reasonable price, you can almost not walk after eating there!!! a must visit!
I've eaten at many Indian restaurants and Bukhara Grill is one of the best
Great food!!
Bukhara Grill is an upscale Indian experience
Upon entry you are greeted with the soothing sounds and sight of a waterfall/grotto
A quick trip upstairs brings you into a well-appointed and lavish dining room evoking memories of royal India
The waitstaff is quick, polite and eager to serve
Though English is not widely understood among the staff, management is always accessable and visible
Bukhara serves outstanding Tandoori and does a wonderful job with seafood
Most of the dishes are large enough portions for 2 and several dishes should be ordered to share in traditional Indian style
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management
Overall, a great experience
The food is excellent
The staff is pleasant
There is always a good vibe in this place
A nice mix of people, decent music
Been several times and always enjoy it
- Small bathrooms, but not usually a bad line
As tasty as the food was, I was infuriated with the service ( or the lack thereof)
Considering it's hardly ever crowded ( you'll always find a table there
no need for reservation) you'd expect the crew to be alittle more attentive
Appalling service, would not return, its too bad because the food was good
My husband and I dine here about once a week and can't imagine our cozy neighborhood without Valdino West
EXCEPTIONALLY FRESH ingredients, inviting atmosphere, wonderful staff (owner Steffano knows what he's doing), and a nice view of the foot traffic on Hudson Street
We've sent many out-of-towners here when they ask for a local, 'New York-feeling' restaurant and all have raved
The prices aren't cheap, but the whole experience is well worth the bill
They even have a few larger tables for groups
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable
They are by far the BEST past in New York
Feeling Romantic? Ask for the round corner table next to the large window
Enjoy!
I was pleasantly surprised with this cozy little restaurant
The food was delicious, must try the specials (esp veal osso bucco and seafood pasta)
The portions are generous with prices very reasonably set
The friendly chef-owner uses only fresh ingredients to create the best pasta dishes in the Village--if not in the whole City
