Attended a birthday dinner here a few weeks ago - there were about 10 of us
The decor is fab - you'd think you stepped in to Marrakesh! We were seated promptly, well taken care of - the hostess even kept bringing the child of friends juice and treats
We ordered the Price Fixe - a little expensive, but you get a lot for the price
The lamb tagine was fantastic
It was also a lot of fun - we had 2 belly dancers make an appearance - a woman then a man
Both were great - even got up to dance! The only drawback is that the bar is near the tables, making for a smoky meal
Also the heat was WAY up, but they turned it down upon request
Definitely recommended, especially for parties
Amazing venue for after work drinks and partying through the night after
Fridays and Saturdays rock with a DJ that mixes Middle Eastern and modern beats as such that people are bound to get up and dance
Service is friendly and bartenders real fast
Coatcheck available, drinks around $8-$12 -- whenever downtown, i strongly recommend you give it a shot
This was the worst dining experience that I have had in NYC
6 of us went on a Tuesday night
It took 45 min for our drinks to arrive
The whole dinner took over 4 hours
The service was slow and the food was dry and salty
Stay away
The service was wonderful, we had Virgini she had the paitience to explain everything to us
Young crowd we are 50 and still fit in
The good was good
My only complaint
$2
00 to check each coat! I kept my coat with me
We spent $248 for 4 people, pay to check you coat?
The food is great the girls are beutiful the place is the best
Sunday party rules
Good for office events too
I just walked in on my fellow buyers filling out this report on Le Souk and I just had to ad my own comments
I was chosen to plan this years X-mas party and the other restaurant we had booked with cancelled last minute on us
With a week to spare and much agonizing my girlfriend recomended this place downtown her friends had been to
We called and were quickly and profesionaly acommodated, I was even invited in to sample the food when I left the deposit
Thank you Le Souk for saving the Christmas party and saving me the wrath of my normaly hard to please co-workers who almost ended up at Houlihans!  I will naturally return on my own to experience this much talked about Sunday night party!  Have my Mangotinis ready Marco!  David Sebastian
I love Le Souk!!! I always have a great time when I go to their lounge area
They play the best Middle Eastern pop music
The crowd is great and very friendly
The Middle Eastern guys are handsome, friendly and very sexy, not to mention their dancing
A bit crowded after midnight but after a few drinks, who cares? Leave the baggage at home ladies
Le Souk is great for singles looking for a fun night out (not recommended for couples)
The atmosphere is great! The Hookahs, belly dancer, music and the charming Middle Eastern men made me feel as if I were in a different country
Amazing food, sexy belly dancer, friendly staff (not the door guys but once I got in) So much fun with the belly dancers, better than morocco itself
We herd about the place from different friends so I waited till was Mom's birthday
(We thought it will be fun experience
) Fun wouldn't be the word, all of us had a blast
The food was exquisite and the belly dancers were amazing to a point were Mom was dancing with them
all of us can't wait to go back there again
I was surprised by the exotic ambience and the great entertainment that the place offers: the decoration is surreal / authentic, and they have exotic / friendly belly dancers going around
Having said that, my credo is that it doesn't matter how hip, in, trendy a restaurant is, if the food is not good, then it's not worth a penny of your money
It's not the case here as the food was so delicious
(try the lamb tangine, so yummy and soft - and I am not a lamb person at all)
Cons: overly crowded, and like most restaurants that are always full, the service may suffer at times
I know bad attitude and poor service can ruin people's evenings, but luckily we had a OK experience
And after all, you only get flawless service in empty restaurants or over-priced places in nyc anyway
I am going back for sure
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER !! We went there for friend's B-day and we were moved several times
Tables were too small for the group but waitress refused to cater for us AT ALL ! Then jacket of someone from next table knocked my food off the table ! Waitress goes What do you want me to do!! with attitude
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?!?!?! Even though NO ONE is smoking at the restaurant, the hostess is smoking up the storm
POOR TASTE IN SERVICE ! When we left 12% tip(well deserved) the waitress came out of the restrant and complained !!! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE MANNORISM!!!! DEFINITELY OFF MY RESTAURANT LIST
Don't go there
The place is rather small, but the food is EXCELLENT! The service could be faster but if your there with friends and talking and having fun time doesnt matter
I'm not an expert on moroccan (or is it north african?) cookin' but this place gets top marks for a tasty, unique and incredibly reasonably priced menu
The portions are generous - make that heaping! - , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night! Hate to share this gem - don't want it to get overcrowded! Have been there with group of 20 and le souk handles all equally well
If you are going to go for a play on words, at least think of something ORIGINAL! I live a stone's throw from Le Souk, and it is my FAVORITE East Village restaurant - so surreal, authentic and transporting!! To complain about waiting for a table, etc
- get with the program! Of course you are going to wait - Le Souk is SO HOT! I have nothing negative to say about Le Souk, and now that Harem is open, there is more space for everyone to revel!! The owners, Sam and Marcus are the SWEETEST guys! They rock, and deserve ALL of their success! To all of you who bitch and moan, they don't need! Price is MORE than reasonable - food is amazing - the wait staff is not perfect, but work their tails off each night! Stop being prima donnas and learn to loosen up a bit!!!
Every time I come back to le souk, it just gets better and better
Not only is the food outstanding, the service is great now
And what a stellar wine list!! I highly recommend the grilled fish, it's out of this world
I've been to many great restaurants in my day, but I must say le souk is at the top of my list
I have been here 3 times and the first and the third time was great
We were sitting outside and ejoying the somewhat overpriced hookah
The waitstaff was very nice and there was really nothing to complain about
But one time we went, it was a very busy friday night, the waiter was the biggest jerk I have ever met
First of all, he brought a dish twice, than I claimed we ordered it twice
My friend was kind enough to take the extra meal
The waiter was still a hudge ass
The food was very good, but it did not compensate for the horrible service
My advice: go there, but not on a weekend night!!
I have made the mistake of going there twice
The first time, my couscous royale with sea fruits was really bad: the cousous was floating in a bowl and the sea fruits were dry, overcooked and cold
But the ambiences was great, the staff very accommodating and overall, I had a great time
Maybe the bad food was just fluke, everbody can have a bad day, right?  Second time, the food was absolutely terrible
It was a very busy saturday and we took the $30 prix-fixe menu
The dishes came in the wrong order, the sangria was insulting and the tagine was almost unedible
Don't go there
I made the unfortunate decision of celebrating my sweetie's birthday at this over-hyped restaurant
The entertainment was cheap (although a male belly dancer was bold and refreshing), the appetizer consisted of glorified cole slaw, mediocre dips and cold pita
My request for olives was fulfilled but I received the canned, pitted variety as opposed to the delacacies I would expect of any restaurant dedicated to Middle Eastern cuisine
The wine was offensive (homemade varieties given to me by friends leave less residue in the glass), and the service was poor
All of these elements convinced me to continue our meal elsewhere
Although the proprietors decorated their small space well, they would be well served if they put half as much effort into the menu
P
S
A server spilled an entire tray of dirtyt dishes on the leg of the man dining next to me, and with little apology
TSk
Tsk
What reservation?! When a seemly accommodating Le Souk manager assured you that he had no problem serving a group of twenty on a Saturday evening, I expected him to keep his words or shall I say our table
But nah, we waited and waited and were told the table would be ready soon each time we inquired#133; Finally we were let in
I was hoping that the food would at least make the long wait worth while
But NO, the food was simply plain and tasteless
I hate to say this, but the kabob and hotdog served by the street vendors are a lot more flavorful! Nevertheless, the ambiance of this place is nice and the crowds are cheerful
