These are gigantic and full of flavor
The Whitefish salad is the best anywhere as well
Make sure you wave hello to Dave behind the counter - he even feeds the poor when they come in hungry
My wife and I went here based upon favorable reviews from Zagat and Frommers
THEY WERE WRONG!!! This place has the worst customer service I have ever seen
We waited in line for 10 minutes and then when we got to the counter, we told them what we wanted but they skipped over us with no regard
No personality, no tact
Got tired of asking for help and walked out
Absolutely the WORST experience you could ever have
Will never go back here again and STRONGLY recommend you don't waste your time either!! Never tasted the food so I can't tell you if it is good or bad, but who wants to do business with someone that does't want your business?
Hot bagels whenever they are open - watch them being made
I tried this morning an everything bagle with vegitable creem cheese, as recommended
It was so cruncy in the exterieur, and hot inside
yummy
I recommend you to try this one! Well, if you want to try all bagles, you have to come by over thirty times!
Being new visitors to NYC
we had the best experience in Ess-a-Bagel
Great bagels, schmears and lox
The workers are pleasure to see early in the morning - very friendly - a great sense of humor
By far the best bagel I have ever had
Especially when warm - perfectly doughy on the inside - fresh and moist with a nice, slightly crusty outside
They are huge but I like that!
like a rock in my stomach
every time i eat an ess-a-bagel for breakfast, i can't eat anything until nightitme
this is a good place to eat if you don't have time for lunch or don't like eating because you won't be able to
There is no place like ess-a-bagel
the bagels have a perfect crunchy exterior and a nice soft doughy inside
You don't even need anything on it because they're so tasty
In fact you wouldn't be able to fully appreciate the bagel if you did put anything on it
There isn't much I like better than freshly baked bagels, and this is place to find them
From the hard crusty outside to the warm soft inside these bagels are the cream of the crop
I also dig their whitefish salad and belly lox
When a friend of mine learned that I was moving to this area, he said that I had to get him some bagels from Ess-a Bagel
It was well worth the special delivery
Great bagels but long line on Sunday morning to get them
It is worth the wait!
Ess-a-bagel has some of the best bagels in the city
It is too bad that the service is not
Come here expecting an attitude and a line longer that mass
I would suggest delivery but they don't offer it
Great toppings of ALL sorts
Fast service! Nice, clean, air-conditioned/heated surroundings
Great bagels of all sorts
Great deal/prices
Located at a safe location
Recommended for all! Great for breakfast or lunch
Around 12
00-1
00 PM
LONG lines, yet worth the wait!)
I mean, who can eat that much cream cheese? I took about 2/3 of the cream cheese off my bagel
But the bagel itself was very good
Way to big and doughy to be a legitimate NY bagel
!I mean bigger isn't always better
Unreal, thats all i have to say about this place
The bagels far out match and as much of a pun as it is, they truly outweigh the competition in bagel size, flavor, and freshness
And dont even let me get into the toppings
Go now, ask for whats hot and get your topping of choice and then tell me you have had better
The best bagels in New York City! I could eat three meals a day there
Can't beat the best lox bagel sandwich and not just on Sunday morning
i've been going to ess-a-bagel for many years
they have the plumpest, freshest bagels around
the service is always fast and friendly
The coffee is always fresh too!
Best Sesame Bagel I have ever had, with plenty of cream cheese and friendly staff
What more could you want?
The most delicious and biggest bagels in town
Guests always demand that we get Ess-A-Bagel when they're in town
I went to the Ess-a-Bagel in Midtown
I got a dozen bagels (for my office) and everyone LOVED them! They asked a million times where I got them!! They were soo good!! MMMMM This place is definitely recommended!
The best bagels in town
A good choice for lunch
Saw there Steven Spielberg
New York has the best bagles in the world and Ess-A-bagel (1st Ave ) is hands down the best, by far, end of story
Great bagels but the cast of characters that work at this place are scary
I didn't know Rikers Island had a work program at Esa-Bagels
Giant sized bagels with taste to match
Quality matches quantity at this place
I love this place and have yet to find a better bagel! They have a grerat selection of bagels and spreads, not to mention great people that wprk there
These people take their bagels seriously, and even when the line is out the day, they make sure you will be soon too
Definitely worth going again and again and again!
Most bagels taste like mortar for your intestinal track
Ess-a-bagel is the only one in town that tastes like food and is good enuf to eat with nothing on it
But try it with a shmear of scallion cheese and a dollop of the best whitefish salad in town
The bagel that eats like a meal! Ess-a-bagels never disappoint-they're huge, soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside
and you won't have to eat for many hours afterward
The staff all have great personalities too
If cabbies are pulling up outside, you know it has to be good!
I have never been disappointed with the freshness of Essa bagels
The best EVERYTHING bagel i've ever tasted
You can't compare any bagel in NYC to an everything w/ egg salad -- OPEN FACED -- from Ess-a-bagel!
Ess-a-Bagel is head-and-shoulders above the rest
Always fresh, tasty and chewy
Clearly better than HH, which is far from the best
Bagels are the best I have ever sampled -- worldwide
They come with an over abundance of seeds -- if sesame or poppy etc
is what you ordered
Fresh and plump always
This is the richest tasting Bagel I have ever tasted
It is what all other Bagles should be compared
