Ive lived here for thirteen years and have had many a bagel none beat Ess a Bagel I love their chopped liver too!
Unless you're at NYU med center, it seems less appealing to come here
The bagels are great, but can still be found elsewhere
Plus old guys who refer to their customers as hey, sexy dont' really get my vote
Ess-a-Bagels are great! I used to stop by and pick one up every morning when I worked in midtown
They are priced right and taste even better
Every time I've gotten and HH bagel I wonder what the fuss is about
Ess is best
Tender crust, fluffy inside, no skimping on the bagel seasonings/additions (raisins, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, etc
) or spreads
A true meal in compact form
The only negative? I work TOO CLOSE to the 3rd Avenue store and have to fight the urge to buy one every day!
Bagels are to die for! Warm and delicious, just the right mix between soft and chewy and crunchy on the outside
Don't even need to toast them -
Definitely the best bagels in New York! Great value, great selection, and if you believe it, usually great service as well!
Once you've had an Ess-a bagel, no other bagel will do
Other bagels just don't compare to Ess-a bagels
Friends from out of town take them home by the dozens
Best bagel in Manhattan (but there are still better ones in Queens
HH are punctured tires coasting on an undeserved rep from years ago
Enormous bagels still warm from the oven
Don't ask to have your bagel toasted, or you'll be told - That's only good for stale bagels
And they're right!
The food and atmosphere here is great
It's the perfect place for a giant bagel and Dr
Brown's cream soda
You can't help my say mmmmm while you're eating
great bagels, thick cream cheese, clean, cool and simple
grab a newspaper and sit here all morning as real new york passes in and out
I go to the one on 51st street
There is an elderly gentleman behind the counter who is both knowledgeable about everything and everyone, but he is also funny and very kind to children
As for the bagels, they are huge, tasty and can be spread with wonderful stuff
I love going there, getting a bagel and coffee and watching the tourists and the world go by
They have by far the best bagels in New York
Living close by I get their bagels almost daily, I'd especially recommend the 9 grain
And they've recently been giving the kids cookies
However, if you want anything on the bagel I'd travel to 1st 53rd to Tal to get your appetizing
All of Ess's salads, cheese, etc
are bland
If you go to Tal don't leave without their vegetable spread, yum!
The line is long for a reason
Ess-a-Bagels are addictive
Delicious and fresh
Plus the staff is hilarious and friendly
The Scene With its exposed-brick walls and soda bottle-lined wooden shelves, this family-run shop feels like something out of 1950s Brooklyn
Bins of fresh bagels rest behind the counter, and there are always a few customers sitting at one of the few tables inside or on one of two wooden benches out front
The Food The soft bagels--made fresh on-site--are good; if you go in the morning, especially on weekends, you'll stand a chance of getting a warm one
The selection is standard--onion, poppy, cinnamon-raisin, pumpernickel--and the array of smoked fish is fairly impressive
The scruffy-looking post-collegiate types behind the counter also make a good deli sandwich
To drink, grab something from Murray's stock of fruit drinks and iced teas
The Eighth Ave location is the best place to eat bagels in the city
1) Ignore what the unscrubbed masses might think: idiosyncracy (i
e
refusing to toast bagels) is a GOOD thing
2) Boys boys boys boys boys
The Chelsea parade makes for great reverse window shopping
3) Great bagels
Guess what? The bagels are just the right combination of crispy and chewy and warm and wait that glob of lox spread is about to drop on the floor so let me shut up for a second and grab it with my mouth before it falls
Mmmmpph
4) The staff are a little soup-nahtzi-ish, but in a good way
5) See you there
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service
Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel
Yum! Their coffee is quite good too!
A select few places in New York make real, true bagels as they should be and this is one of them
The bagel is crusty on the outside and chewy on the inside
It goes well with anything you like on it
Personally, I'm a sucker for a warm sesame bagel with lots of butter and the ones I've had here were to die for!!! These bagels do not need to be toasted, that's only for pseudo and day-old bagels as any true New Yorker will tell you
My only complaint, the place is way too small
If it's busy then getting a seat is next to impossible
I wish they would expand as I don't live nearby and often would prefer to eat in
best olive cream cheese in the city! they use black olives which are so much better than green
and the everything bagel is amazing!! makes me not want to do Atkins!!
I think Murray's Bagel has good texture, the inside is soft and the outside is chewy
However, their garlic bagels and everything bagels are often covered with burnt and bitter garlic bits that pretty much destroy the whole flavor
I do like their cream cheese, not the best I had, but most flavors tasted ok
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy
Overall, the best bagel in town


now if they could only get a toaster
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place
Fabulous bagel, lox and creamcheese! Tops for a bagel place
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted
Murray won't do it
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory
But who says Murray's is anything about service
So close, but not good enough
This place is fast paced, your in and out with money still left in the pocket
Exellent price/the best bagels and service in the city! Definately 10's in all areas!
I say Murray's is the BEST
because it's not the modern bagel blimp!! with like a million carbos! and more like a hearty, mom-approved snack, and not a meal of white flour carbos!! Tasty? Yeeees! chewy, yes! The overblown, pumped-up modern bagels eschewed (sic) by HH, Ess-a-Bagel, and others, is like eating half a loaf of bread
