You only get the chickpeas sauce which makes this falafel very dry
There is definately a herd mentality since everyone I know especially those that have no taste buds flock to Mamouins and claim that it's the best thing since sliced bread
I've also noticed that those that flock to Mamouns tend to also be in a drunken state which further backs my claim of the herd
This place is THE best middle-eastern restaurant in NY, hands down
I have brought Arabs and Israelis there who are blown away by its authenticity
EVERYTHING is top notch
The meat dishes are my favorite
Try the kafta w/ baba, or chicken and hummus, crispy shawarma , or lamb kabob
The falafel is also incredible, but that's a given
Though crowded, it's well worth the wait (especially after a couple of drinks!)
The service found @ Mamoun's is like no other
The service is so speedy, that if you turn your head for a moment you could miss watchiting your falafel being prepared
Anyone wouls agree that the flavor that Mamoun's captures in their falafel is like no other
Everyone should take the oppotunity to go downtown for the best falafel in the city!
Over 20 years ago, when I was in high school, I used to cut school JUST to go down to Mamoun's Falafel and the place across the street
Tassir's! Considering all the munchees food around
these falafel places hit the spot!!!!!!!!!!! These places were the bomb
of course
I found Moishe's on 46th Street
and for the money
their falafel's are biggers and crunchier!
One of the very few places in New York where you can have a great meal for less than 5 bucks! Of course, you don't come here to be trendy - it's all about the falafels! For 2 bucks each, not only will you save money but you will be full and satisfied as well!
I've been going here for years, and can say that after much experimentation throughout the city, I can say Mamoun's has the best falafel in the land
And cheap! They're practically giving it to you!! The best
This is undoubtedly the best middle-eastern sandwich shop in NYC
Try the Shawerma, its truly da bomb
This place has a line of people getting falafels at 4am in the morning
The falafels are just delicious and you are served quick
The price is unbeatable
The sauce is HOT, but really good
All in all an unbeatable combination
The baklava was good too
Almost Soup Nazi style service (make sure you order and step aside) - but with that comes super tasty falafels
At 2 bucks each, you CAN'T go wrong
I've sampled various items on the menu, but I enjoy straight up falafel the most
Not to mention this place has never been closed every time I've gone there incl
5:30 AM!
I have been craving good Middle Eastern Food since I moved away from home
The fact that I can go to Mamoun's for the best shawarma ever at anytime makes living away from home a whole lot easier! yummmmmm
You can't go wrong with a $2 falafel! This is a great place for falafels
There are better falafels in NYC, but Mamoun's is right up there with the best of them
It's a no frills type of joint, and if you're lucky you may spot Wesley Snipes eating here! Good Schawarma, too
Great falafel at a pittance -- plus fun atmosphere
Try the lamb Schawarma too (also a deal at $4!)
Ambience is minimal -- but fun people
It's cheap
It tastes great
Did I mention it's cheap
Not a first date sort of place, but if you haven't visited Mamoun's by the first month
He/She isn't the one
The falafel never lies
My friends and I found this here on citysearch, and we decided to try this place
We called the place to make reservations for lunch, but the woman on the phone told us that reservations weren't necessary
When we arrived, she asked us if we made reservations, and gave us a look like we were stupid when she specifically told us they weren't necessary
However, we were seated promptly
The server was REALLY attentive, and answered any questions that we had
He was really polite, and he made us feel very comfortable that it felt like we were old friends
We all ordered something different, and we were all content with our food, except the dessert
The place is lovely, and gave off a very homey atmosphere
The only problem with this place is the prices, and unfortunately, will not be able to come often for that reason since it was just decent/average food
If the prices weren't so high, I'd go all the time because I really loved the server
I am not sure what night the other reviewers went to Avra, but my experience was completely different
Avra is a really good restaurant
The fish selection was extensive and the food overall was outstanding
We went with a large group and had a great time
Everything from the appetizers to deserts were worth trying
The service is ok, nothing great but the food was worth it
Prices are a little high but I would definitely go back
Average food and below average service
Fish with no flavor, desserts below average, and service very poor
I used to eat here all the time for lunch and dinner since my office was so close
It was a few years ago and recently went back since I had such fond memories of the food and service
I have to say the bloom is off the rose
The food was average at best
The fish, was bland, tasteless and very disappointing
The service was good but rushed
I am sorry to say, this is not the Avra it once was and will not go back
Their Sunday brunch is amazing, highly recommended! Our waiter was attentive and the food was great
I went in for a Sunday brunch
I started the meal off with their fantastic bread, which comes with olives, a jam, and a sweet butter for dipping
I then had their Greek toast -- a vanilla-version of French toast with maple syrup and fresh blueberries and raspberries
It melts in your mouth
I also had some eggs and fries
The eggs were fluffy and perfect; the fries were covered in Oregano and were marvelously crunchy
They had plenty more on their menu
Service was attentive but not overbearing
All in all, a wonderful experience
We had reservations for 6 people
but they overbooked the restaurant and we had to wait 45 minutes to be seated!! They squeezed us into a table meant for 4 or 5
They have a ridiculous family-style way of ordering the fish
You order by the pound and then share with the whole table
The fish averaged between $23-$30 a pound
The Maine lobster was LITERALLY the cheapest thing on the menu!!!  When they brought us the white wine it was room temperature and awful!! We sent it back to get chilled!!  The fish took forever to come and was bland and tasteless- I couldn't finish it despite being starving
We also had the lobster
but THEY OVERCOOKED IT
It was the WORST, chewy, rubbery lobster I've ever had
How could a seafood restaurant mess up Maine lobster?!  I don't recommend this restaurant AT ALL
Avoid at all costs!
I have come to Avra to impress a new business partner and had horrific service
Party of 10, took us to the table as it was set for 6, standing at the table for 4 minutes till someone bothered to set it up for 10
