Blue Ribbon in SOHO 3
Tomoe in West Village 4
Bond Street in NOHO 5
Sachi in UES 6
Gari in UES  7
Yama in West Village 8
Ed in Village 9
Yasuda in Mid town 10
Japonica in Village  We could easily tack on another 40 that serve real sushi
Sushi Lounge puts CONDIMENTS in their rolls, I'm not making this up! They have sushi rolls with Mayonaise, with Ketchup
KETCHUP!! This place is a joke!  If you think its the best in Metro New York, obviously you have no clue as to what sushi is
Sushi Lounge is for folks that are into loud DJ music, the stuff mostly listened to by teens
Get real
Go there and try their Spider Rolls!! Best EVER! Wait staff is great, very friendly!
Wow
My mouth is still watering from the assorted sushi (must have jumped out of the ocean onto my plate) and ingenious, daring rolls
Deep Sake selection and unusually large and good wine selection for a sushi rest
Specialty drink menu is hard to match and they are mixed extemely well
Unbelievable DJ spinning great lounge music during dinner and then smoothly mixing in house as the night progressed
A+
Enjoy the scene, great looking people
These reviews are like stupid
Malls are the best thing ever! Jersey without malls is like saying New York City without beautiful women you know
The Sushi Lounge is not good for the food, no one goes there for the food, the sushi is so lame, it's typical for New Jersey
You go to the Sushi Lounge for the DJ's and the lounge like atmosphere
They play great beats, last night was Timberlake, Missy, and a lot of Wu Tang, thats hard to beat unless of course your J
Lo, Word!  In closing, come to the Sushi Lounge right here in Hobo, for the phat djs, the drinks, the guiedos, the Irocs in the parking lot, the kids that pretend to be Hip Hoppers, and just chill you know, enjoy yourself, but don't eat the food!
Look im completely baffled by the prev
negative reviews dont know proper format 2 write a reviewBUT i do know is good sushi
If UR looking 4 the most tasty, well prepared, largest variety of never before sampled sushi, Sushi Lounge will live up to the expectations
THENSOME
My matei arrived late on friday nightwere seated immediately
Being native new yorkers, we both were very impressedimmediately felt at home with the trendy,upbeat atmosphere the place had to offer
The service wasOK,the menu is a bit pricey(but worth it),BUTthe sushi offered a zen-like quality that serious sushi lovers will truly appreciate
Delicious!! The highlight of the evening was the executive chef coming over to chat after he noticedserious sushi eaters enjoying the fruits of his laborHe recommended some delicious/exotic speciality rolls that exceeded all expectations
Chef Henget takes great pride in his workit shows! GO TO THE SUSHI LOUNGEYOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED!
Anticipated the worst from other reviews
Went Saturday night at 11:45pm regualr restaurant menu wasn't available but sushi was
Sat at small tables by bar area
Waitress wasn't overly friendly but attentive
Ordered many rolls, each one better than next
Fish quality top notch
Had the pleasure of having the executive chef visit our table and he ordered us one of his Scorpian specialities sat with us to see how we liked it
It was awesome
The rolls were so good we had to order seconds
2 ppl
bill was $75, wasn't bad for all we ate still remained full hours later
Atmosphere was trendy with DJ playing tunes
Only downside is having to pay $15 for parking in the lot for just 2hrs, felt like city prices Definitely the BEST SUSHI place in NJ
should branch out open more
I can't believe that this place is voted as one of the best
!!! The half price martinis on Tuesdays is a good deal, but, the food is not the reason why people go there
Robongi in Hoboken is MUCH BETTER quality
but, I suppose that people don't know any better
!!
Wow
These past reviews must not have really visited the SUSHI LOUNGE
This place has huge pieces of fresh fish and a great atmosphere
They have some great dj's, (with the exception of friday night), too much house music! I find the service friendly and the drink list plentiful! I recommend trying it instead of reading reviews that seem to be written by bitter haters!
We jumped the Path Train to Hoboken to try this Sushi Lounge out
It was a waste of time
At best, it's a mediocre restaurant, forget about the fish variety, I asked for Char (A sushi staple), and received a blank look from the waiter, same fish here as any grocery store
But they do have a wide variety of rolls, but put in way too much rice
I'd say that Sushi Lounge is on par with NYC's Haru, a decent place at best
They should get a top chef that can really cut fish, a good staff that know their menu, and at LEAST 60 variety of fish, which as any avid sushi fan knows: makes or breaks the expirience
These reviews all seem quite strange
When my party of four arrived at Sushi Lounge in Hoboken, New Jersey for supper we were treated like trash, they ignored us, and when finally we were seated, our food came an hour later (the place was not crowded)
The sushi was 3rd rate at best, and mostly all they had was New Wave Rolls, that tasted like they had been frozen
Our bill was $40 more than we ordered, and it took close to an hour to get them to correct it
I've been treated with more Class and Dignity at Arbys!  Sushi Lounge thinks very little of the people in Hoboken, which is evident is their horrible service, chewy, cold sushi, and amateur service
We will never go back, and In doubt a place that treats people like garbage will last very long!!!!!!
Very good each time I have gone
DJ's are very good and you really can't beat the sushi anywhere I've eaten
Have been here at least 10 times
It is my favorite restaurant/lounge
Great food, great music and the overall ambiance can't be beat
If you are looking for a nice looking crowd with fresh sushi and very good dj's, here you go
It was great
Despite some hiccups with the service, it was great and I will be back
The food was extremely fresh
and the choices were many
This place is great! First of all the food is fantastic
Certainly top two in Hoboken
The feel is great, a great date place
I highly recommend it
sushi lounge is good if you don't ever get out of hoboken
the rolls are pretty typical
sometimes the combination is a little weird
the staff is really courteous and professional though
and the atmosphere is pretty cool
but if you are living in the city, there is absolutely no need to travel to hoboken to eat sushi
I HAVE BEEN HERE APPROXIMATELY 8 TIMES AND EACH AND EVERYTIME THE EXPERIENCE HAS BEEN OUTSTANDING
THE FISH IS AMAZINGLY FRESH AND PREPARED SO WELL WITH LARGE CUTS
AND THE MUSIC (BY A DJ) IS A PERFECT COMPLEMENT TO THE MEAL, AS IS THE MODEL TYPE CROWD
WORTH THE TRIP TO HOBOKEN, EVEN IF IT IS A BIT TOUGH TO GET TO!!!!
I found it!!! A great sushi restaurant in NJ
Great fish and nice atmosphere
Very good dj's (everynight) and I have never been disappointed in a meal
Not to mention, the bar is plentiful and the drink list is hard to match! Finally!
This is Hoboken? Come on, I must be in NYC
