75) and chocolate clusters packed four in a box so you can have one for breakfast, lunch, dinner and a bedtime snack ($13) so over-the-top, the surgeon general should hear about them
No bread at all: only a patty of organic chunky peanut butter and jam dipped in chocolate and drizzled with darker chocolate
Most of the customers try chocolate drinks, either classic, spicy hot ($3) or cold ($3
50)
I agree with Zagat! Chocolate Bar is exquisite
A must go for a once in a lifetime treat!!! It's absolutely magnificent, has impeccable service, cool decor and most importantly, the most exquisite chocolate that one has ever eaten
It is not too pricey and definitely worth it!
Never having been to NY, I was a bit overwhelmed
Being in such a relaxed atmosphere and a great, hip, inviting place was a fantastic way to end the day
The creamy hot chocolate was aces! The dessert was AWESOME! Even my mom and sisters loved it
Highly recommended!
Ihave only three things to say about this place


OH MY GOD!! Went with two friends and we DEVOURED a 12 piece box
Absolutely the best chocolate by far I have had here in NYC
The hot beverages were outstanding
Chocolate Bar's enthusiasm for great, simple ingredients are magnificantly showcased here
Just bought the hot chocolate tin and can't wait to start cooking this stuff up at home!
I LOVE CHOCOLATE BAR! They have the most amazing selection of chocolate and such great service
I am addicted! I would and do recommend Chocolate Bar to anyone who asks me where to find amazing chocolate at a great price
Enjoy!!
After some effort, I finally had a date with a woman I'm crazy about
Wanting to impress her, I knew that I had to take her to Chocolate Bat
The room really allowed us to enjoy eachother's company
I had heard from a collegue that the store had enough exotic choices to be exciting without scaring off a less adventurous palate
The drinks are also fabulous and added to the romance of our evening
Chocolate Bar gave this romance a great start! I wonder if they do weddings?
The other reviews seem so extreme on this establishment---either it's a 10! or a 1
You'd think that it were family or friends and a high school rival writing these reviews
I went to Chocolate Bar--I don't think it's a 1, but not really a 10 either
It's a friendly place, nice assortment of chocolates, but it's pretty pricey
I probably won't be a regular customer because I don't think the prices are justifiable
But if you're in the West Village and strolling about, it's worth a pop in
Nobody does it better! Makes me feel sad for the rest! Chocolate Bar you blow away all of the imitations candy-chocolate-goody stores in the city! How come you made me wait so long?!
I never believed a chocolate heaven actually existed
until now!!!! This place is every chocolate lover's dream
The peanut butter clusters are to die for and the bon bons are amazing!!!! If you haven't made your way down to the Chocolate Bar yet you don't know what you're missing!!
I love Chocolate Bar! The staff is knowledgeable, the seating is cozy, and the chocolate is divine! My faves: salted caramel and cinnamon praline truffles, the HUGE peanut butter and jelly bar, and the shakers
Definitely a New York must-do
i thought this place was my little secret! they must put something in those truffles, cause I keep coming back for more! the goodies are amazing! once you try one of their truffles, you'll never want to go back to those old school treats
After reading all the press I just had to go! What a great place
Try the wicked hot chocolate with the mexican brownie for a great spicey kick! I work in the business and have to say what a great idea, chocolate and coffee
I'm in HEAVEN!!!!!!
having heard all the press, I came to try this place
Nice, but wasn't worth the $1
50 subway ride down
What a disappointment
Best Chocolate in America I recently discovered Chocolate Bar
I asked everyone outside what they were waiting in line for and they said in unison, Truffles! After I tried one, I knew why they waited
The white chocolate bars with candied nuts and fruits are the best in America
I swear
You won't be disappointed
I wish they were located in San Francisco
Yum, YUM! Not only a taste for the eyes, the cookie and muffins have to be the best tasting and prettiest I've ever seen
Spent an hour there this afternoon drinking gggggreat! coffee and really enjoying a biscotti that was dense and sweet and really, really good
In the Chocolate Bar bag was a special something for my 5 year old son; a chocolate Truffle lollipop wrapped in a silver foil which is the best I've have EVER had
I highly recommend going! A 24 piece box of exquiste chocolates are only $28
For a splurge or to impress, it would be well worth it
God, I wish I lived here!
Yes that's right
Just got back from Chocolate Bar with my creamy, moist, fresh oh so yummy chocolate
Jealous? You should be! Drop everything and RUN to the Chocolate Bar
Mmmmmmmmmmmm!
I will walk down all the way from uptown or roll over with a full stomach to Chocolate Bar from any of the nearby restaurants any day! This place is simply the best for New York chocolate The peanut butter crunch is sinfully rich, the cookies are delicious, and the hot and cold drinks are unmatched
The service is excellent, and the young turks behind the counter are hysterical and make the long wait almost bearable
Anyone visiting or living in the city MUST come here!
Everything is to die for at this place
I'm soo glad my friend who lives there took us by this place during our brief visit to New York
I would suggest that no matter how short your visit to the city is you go by this delightful little bakery
DO adults need a candy store of their own? You bet - if it's called Chocolate Bar
Who's to argue with the philosophy of owners when it's Eat more chocolate? All one customer could say was, Wow - numerous times - as she peered at the cases holding silk-screened bonbons, a counter full of scones, brownies and individual fallen chocolate cakes, and a display of chocolate-wrapped macadamias
The staff is suitably patient and enthusiastic
We understand, said one as we deliberated over the choices, while another offered detailed descriptions so rapid-fire, we can only guess he's fueled by a diet of Illy Caffe and candy bars
Perch on one of the stools up front or at the tables in back to sip a chilly frappe of liquid chocolate and ice cubes - the chocolate milk of your grown-up dreams, barely sweet and dusky
Willy Wonka, you've finally come of age
All of my chocolate fantasies have come to life in the Chocolate Bar! I arrived the day Jacque Torres personally delivered his chocolate to the store and he gave me a free sample! The warm, friendly atmosphere makes me keep coming back for more but the chocolate bar shaker is my real weakness
I confess, I'm a chocoholic
And what better place than the Chocolate Bar to ease my cravings? Hearts of Passion by Jacque Torres is a creamy morsel filled with passion fruit which melts in your mouth and the flavors just keep coming
And that's just the first piece of chocolate I purchased
Ummm
It's the only word I can think of to describe this heaven on earth store of delights
I only wish there were more locations!
From the moment I walked through the doors of Chocolate Bar and heard the music I was captivated
I wasn't the only one, it was PACKED with people trying to find gifts
It's a great place to go for the young and the older young!!
Dig you and your chocolaty goodness
Your sweet cream and dark decadence
I'm a chocolate boy and you are my velveteen chocolate queen
I love you chocolate bar
Won't you please let me spend the night?
These are a few of my favorite things: the chocolate Bar, the chocolate bar brownies, the chocolate bar hot chocolate, the chocolate bar liquid chocolate, the chocolate bar cookies, the chocolate bar tea, the chocolate bar biscotti, the chocolate bar staff, the chocolate bar seating, the chocolate bar! And you can quote me
A beautiful store and knowledgeable staff
I recommend the cold chocolate for a hot summer day--not as sweet as some of the other stuff around town
Also recommend the Salted Caramel bon bon or any of the Chocolate Clusters
The boxes are so CUTE!!!
My favourite food group is chocolate so you imagine my disappointment on my first last visit to Chocolate Bar
Perky staff who are clueless, no foam on the cappucino and I have had better hot chocolates at the Hess gas station on Long Island Expressway
Of the two tables in there, one was being used by staff, not much space at all
I should have gone with my first instinct which was to leave, but I was looking for all the fabulous chocolate that NY Times had talked about!
