Also good for when the family is in town
I have introduced many of my hipster NYC friends to Houston's and the minute they eat there, they're hooked
This is the kind of food people get addicted to -- I know I am! For app, drink, main course we usually drop $30/pp
Worth every penny, and we always leave Houston's utterly satiated, with a big grin, counting the minutes till we come back
That is Houston's in several words! Although a chain, it definitely outperforms its other American counterparts in both food and atmosphere
The place is always busy and has a friendly and helpful staff
The food is good, and the spinach dip -- WOAH, a definite must-have
My only complaint was that people I was out with were ordering drinks with orange juice, and Houston's uses fresh-squeezed orange juice in their drinks
Pulp and liquor? Yuck! All in all though, Houston's passed the test
It's definitely good for a light meal, a casual date, or to meet up with friends afterwork
I love that NYC'ers are so snobby about this place being a chain
Just because it's not a converted basement apartment in the East Village doesn't mean it ain't good! The deal with chains is that you get CONSISTENTLY GOOD FOOD anytime you visit
This is what those of us who patronize Houston's realize
Sure, there are cooler places in Manhattan where lots of cool people hang out, but Houston's is an old stand by that won't let you down
Please have the SPINACH DIP, CAESAR SALAD, HAWAIIAN RIB-EYE and the BROWNIE for dessert
As you leave fully satiated, think of all the posers who dine out to be cool, and then thank your lucky stars that you aren't one of them!
JUST BECAUSE IT'S A CHAIN DOESN'T MEAN THAT THEY CAN'T KNOCK OUT THE BEST RIBS ON THE EASTSIDE
GOOD WINE LIST STARTING AT ABOUT 20 BUCKS FOR THE HOUSE MERLOT WHICH WAS VERY NICE
WAS VERY QUIET ON THE SUNDAY NIGHT THAT WE WENT THOUGH
Yes, it's a chain, but it's sooo yummy
I love love love the spinach dip here! And the veggie burger is de-lish too!
Houston's has long been one of my favorite restaurants, bith in NYC and elsewhere
Definitely not your typical chain restaurant though
food is amazing- spinach dip, burgers, soups, salads, all of it is great! Service is good and very professional
Only con is that they don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait
Houston's is always a sure thing - GREAT FOOD!!! I have been to several Houston's around the country and I love all of them
The food is always consistently good, the service is pleasant and the atmosphere is very comforting
I love those big booths where you can snuggle next to your honey
The spinach/cheese dip is a must to start and the seared tuna salad is so delicious
The veggie burger is a great treat - it looks and tastes like the real thing
This place is a treat!
Houston's makes the best burger in town hands down
For $11, it's worth every penny
The shoestring fries that come with are great
Throw in consistent and attentive service, good atmosphere, and great apps and you have a great place for lunch
BRING BACK THE APPLE MARTINIS! There, I said it
Count me as being on the bandwagon! Honestly, this is one of my favorite restaurants in New York
The tab can get pretty high, so come prepared
Start off with a Cosmo and the spinach dip
Next, follow up with another Cosmo and try the chicken fingers (not your lil brothers), Hawaiian rib eye, filet mignon, or trusty burger
Trust me, they are all good, all the time
Finish off with dessert and coffee, and you and your friends will be back here in no time
Houston Restaurant is a large dimly lit restaurant
It has a large bar with some seating around the bar
They have a jazz band in the bar area which is nice
The food is good especially for a chain restaurant
The spinach dip is excellent
The night I went, they had lemon snapper on their specials menu
It was very good
This place is good to have a casual but not too casual date
People also come here after work
I've been to Houston's in NJ, NY, FL, and AZ and they're all EXCELLENT! Everything is SO FRESH
The best veggie burger, great seafood, ribs that fall off the bone
Awesome shoe-string fries
Great seasonal items too -- acorn squash, key lime pie, berries with mascarpone
Great fresh squeezed lemonade
I love this place!
Think of a pricier TGI Friday's
Then remove the goofy hats
Replace your buffalo wings with a really tasty spinach dip, and there you are
It's a bit dark throughout, but there's plenty of bar space (which doesn't look like it gets filled up all that much) and the service was decent
Hit Houston's if you're looking to spice up the same-old-same-old a little bit
The food is out of this world
Always consistant! Great food, great service, great dining experience! Must have the spinach dip and ribs
If you don'd dine at Houston's you are missing out
27th and Park is the best!
This is a fantastic restaurant, chain or not
Definitely recommend getting reservations, but i'm not 100% sure if they take reservations
The place can become quite a scene late at night, as people will go to the bar as well as restaurant
Menu is small, but selections should represent enough of the spectrum that everyone can find something
I highly recommend their babyback ribs (some of the best anywhere)
Without drinks, prices are reasonable
With drinks, this can become an expensive meal very quickly
Houston's is known for it's bar area as well, so staying away from the drinks may not be possible
NJ branch in riverside is considerably cheaper than NYC Houston's
If you have to go with a chain restaurant- this is the one to stick with in the city- prices aren't marked up too much from the burbs and you don't get a cookie cutter feel
Honestly there are thousadns of places to go- but for the unadventurous- this is a sure thing every time
Great space, terrific service, and most importantly fantastic food
After eating like kings and queens, when we saw the bill we couldn't believe it
definite value
The food, although tasty, is slightly pricey for basic salads, sandwiches and burgers
However, my friends and I go to Houston's for the apple martinis, not the food
Unfortunately, Houston's has decided to stop serving it's famous apple martinis and as they put it Go back to the basics
What a mistake!!!! Now I'm on the hunt for a replacement
Oh well, I guess all good things must come to an end
The best burger or the best ribs in town? You probably find it here
I pity all these people that rave about the burger at Corner Bistro
If you want to have a really good burger that will make you want to write a poem about it: Huston's is the place to go
What a burger
Don't forget about the ribs, the amazing spinach dip, and the great sides
In addition, Houstons has a very nice classy atmosphere and great service
the best spinach dip ever!!! and everything else on the menu too
but I personally love having appetizers and drinks here
cool place!
I'm a native Houstonian and love the Houston Restaurants
I decided to try Houston's in NYC to see how they compared
I was glad to see that the same standard of quality dining is in effect in NYC
The waiter was excellent and so was the food
You can't go wrong with whatever you order here, and the atmosphere is wonderful
A definate must if you're ever in NYC!
