They offer a number of inventive appetizers and rolls, but the four I sampled were not particularly flavorful
The bland mango-papaya roll demanded a sauce of some sort (none was provided), while the fried banana and spicy tuna roll was completely overpowered by the former
The eel roll was only average, and the California roll had a strangely gelatinous texture
Green tea tiramisu was a novel but ultimately silly dessert
On the positive side, service was excellent: warm and hyper-attentive
However, I would probably not head to Aki again unless I was already in the neighborhood
Because the portions are modest - if you're hungry you pay a pretty penny
Great interesting variety sushi is very good
Ambiance could be better
This place serves the best sushi in the city
the place is terrific if you're not looking for a trendy restaurant with great decor
The food can be considered fushion or new japanese (e
g
fig tempura)
Everything on the menu is creative, with all the flavors and ingredients coming together in an interesting combination
Don't leave without trying the Green Tea Tiramisu!
Aki is a great find
The tiny space immediately makes you feel an intimate connection with your date
Speaking of date - it's really only sized for two person tables, though there was one that could seat four
The food is beautifully presented and very tasty - definitely go for the tuna mille-fuille, a combination of tuna, apple, star fruit, and avacado -it's so good, you'll order another one
Having 'Chef Siggy' personally preparing absolutely everything is a real treat
He even shells his own shrimp
Incredible!
The food is fresh, presented beautifully and the mixture of flavors are wonderful
This is how royalty eats! The Chef special with the unique 3 alcohol drink are the best! Best sushi place ever!
Amazing place
it's tiny and unpretensious but one of the best sushi places I have ever dined at
The sashimi platter offered sweet, succulent and chunky morsels of a variety of fish
A sleeper of a restaurant, affordable, and a great find in NYC
If you weren't looking for it, you'd never find it
The actual space is a tad small, we felt a little confined and closed in
But the sushi was amazing! We were very impressed with the sake tasting and the dessert - Green Tea Tiramisu
Aki is fantastic
The rolls are beyond interesting -- some incorporate mango, banana and fried oysters
I'm a fan of really interesting food and a lot of different flavors, which is why I love Aki
It combines sushi with Caribbean flavors which makes for a taste delight
They take reservations, so I would call in advance for a table
I went with my girlfriend and had the BEST Japanese I have had yet
The tuna/banana rolls and the Jamaican chicken rolls
I can not say as to how good the Jamaican chicken rolls are except that once you've had them, they make the banana/tuna rolls somehow not seem as good, even though, up till then, they we're some of the best damm sushi you had ever had
The place is charming with very attentive service and a chef that truly cares about the food he gives you
We happened to be sitting next to a chef at March one of the most expensive restaurants in NY
Now I have to go to march! If it's half as good as Aki I'll be in totally freakin heaven
I created a user profile on citysearch so i could rave about this meal
This is the best Japanese I have ever had, and the best meal in NYC so far
The jerk chicken roll was amazing, and the banana boat roll was great as well
Such interesting flavors that the personable cook created
Service was the best
I am in love, with the boyfriend who had the wisdom to bring me there and the food that is still fresh on my mind
Aki was great! The sushi was fresh, the diff sauces were tasty, and it reminded me of Nobu
I highly recommend it, but make sure you make reservations!!! Or else you'll end up waiting 2 hours
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy! Their unique rolls and interesting combinations are worthy of trying, but make sure you don't go when you are really hungry
One of my favorite sushi places in the city
everything I've ever eaten there was incredible! I always get eel + mango rolls and they're out of this world! I highly recommend aki - Everyone i've brought here loves it!
This place is absolutely amazing, every dish is prepared so lovingly and with such care
The chef could totally open this up into a huge restaurant, but instead, has opted to keep it small and charming, which makes the meal even more special
The green-tea tiramisu is a must
The chef is creative, and has the 'touch'
This would be a great date place!
This place has terrific Nobu-style specials without the Nobu prices
The sushi is good too, and they deliver, which is nice
The chef is from Jamaica or something so there are various wacky rolls to try out as well
The place is a bit small, they could do with a larger place, but maybe that will come - it seems as though the secret is out as they are always busy
the food was great! very creative and unique dish must try the tasting menu! specialty rolls include the bannana boat roll, caribbean roll, and for dessert green tea tiramirsu! wonderful experience and heavy on the pocketbook!   a hidden secret not rated by zagats!
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel
First of all, $2
75 for a cheeseburger with the works french fries in 2006?!?! Practically unheard of! And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties
Delish and made to your liking! This place is a keeper! Friendly service too
This place is one of those little holes in the wall that you'll love to go to! Great service and great drafts
The jukebox is very good
Can be a place to hook up on the right nights
Nice and cozy place to drink
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants
Food portion was SMALL and below average
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!! And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately
That was very rude
I couldn't even enjoy my lunch withouth having her reach for something on our table the whole time
It was 2pm and I thought to myself what's the rush, Ms
Waitress? Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
I tried this restaurant few time, the food is a bit to expency you can find the same quality and save your money in other restaurant what did make me go back wasn't the food but the service
The young lady the attend our table was very sweet, and professional
Having lived in the Hells Kitchen area, I have been to this restaurant numerous times
I think the food is excellent but the service needs a lot of work
While the waitstaff is knowledgable and professional, they can be rude and cold at times
This restaurant does not have the class that other fine dining establishments convey
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed
It came out after the dinners were served
Instead of removing it from the bill or offering a drink on the house, they double charged me for the appetizer
If you want good food and do not care about class and curtousy, give it a try but there are many other great Italian eateries in the city
La Locanda is a real find
Food is great, portion size is good, and the price is reasonable (for both food and wine)
It underwent a change in ownership a year or so ago
and it was a bit shaky during the transition time, but its has come back just as strong as before
Been there several times and will go back
Great for pre-theatre too - tell them you have tickets and they will serve you quickly
My cousin recommended this place after they happened to stumble upon it one day
The ambience is lovely
The prices were about $20 a plate, and you are able to share if you want
The Food was FABULOUS!! The clam sauce I tried was mouth watering and so was the Crem Brule for dessert
Will have to come back here when in NY again!
