Bring your date and share a tagliere, but better to get 2 tiramisus
AMAZING, AUTHENTIC FOOD FROM THE CHEESES TO THE DESSERT, ASK FOR THE SPECIALS
THE WINE LIST HAS INCREDIBLE SELECTION
THE WAITSTAFF ARE LOVELY AND THEY KNOWS ABOUT ITALIAN WINES E FOOD!!!! TRUST THEM!!! I WILL COME BACK
WELL DONE D
O
C
Great food, great wine, affordable and the nicest people
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere
I absolutely suggest this place
The waiter was charming and helped us pick two gorgeous bottles of wine, a Dolcetto and another one with chocolate and tobacco notes
The special of green beans with gorgonzola was killer as was the house special cheese plate, the braesaolaand caprese we had
We got there early but stayed late and had a wonderful time!
It wouldn't be a Friday night without stopping in for a glass of Dolcetto or any one of the excellant wine choices that Diego or Claudio can offer
The Panini sandwiches are on bread that is a carboholics dream come true
Must try the thinly sliced Sardinian bread
The overall warmth and friendliness of the zany staff and owners make it a weekly ritual for us
Any creation that chef Stefano has on the menu is worth asking for seconds to go! Always has a fun crowd and definatley worth the wait! Luv you guys
Inventive food and warm atmosphere
Don't believe the postings about bad service--this place gets busy and requires a little patience but the service is overall very good
If you want a waiter hovering over you, go somewhere else and I will gladly take your seat
One of the things I like is that they recognize you and call you by your name
The chef is sweet, friendly
Anytime of the night don't be surprised if all staff starts to dance and then you feel like if you are partying at your best-friends house
Great place to relax and have a light tasty meal with a European flavor
This place is amazing
The food is simple and fantastic, and their wine knowledge and selection is truly wonderful
You feel like you have personally been welcomed into thier Sardinian home
A uniquely authentic dining experience
i went to D
O
C
sunday night with a couple of friends and we had amazing time
The outdoor dining was nice, quiet and relaxed vibe
the wine was great, the food simple and very tasty
Is a new hot spot and i think is much more than a neiborhood place
i will come back again!!!! p
s
we meet a lots of friendly girls!
finally at home !! YES ! D
O
C
remains one of my favorite wine bar in New York
The wine is always memorable, fairly inexpensive, and the atmosphere is cozy and comforting
Rossana Claudio, the owners are from Sardinia, so the wine, decor and accents are genuine and evoke memories of this special area
The menu is diverse and the food is excellent
The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is great! Best bar in williamsburg!!!
Romantic,great place,cozy atmosphere
Friendly staff, the wine is terrific and every day they have special wine
We go there every monday night
this place is special!!!!!!!! try everything from the menu, my masterpiece is a special cheese plate with a very good bottle of italian wine and i feel like in italy!!!! I RECOMMEND IT!!!
wonderful ambiance, great wine list, simple and hight quality food, a professional italians waitstaff suggest a excellent bottle of wine from the cellar
you feel that you come in an italian old house!!!!  i love d
o
c
I totally dug this place
They've done a top-notch job
Great wine list, well thought out menu, helpful service, nice atmosphere (feels like Europe), PLUS good value
What more can you ask for in a wine bar?  Unfortunately, the quality of the vino can easily lead you towards spending more than you'd like
With a bit of restraint, however, you can easily drop $15 on a glass and a panino
Only real complaint is that the panini tended to be a bit on the dry side
I tasted three of them
Could have been the cook that day, who knows
This already great place could be even better if they'd simply drizzle some extra virgin olive oil over the top of each sandwich or supply a small bottle of EVOO on each table
Came fairly early on a Friday night for dinner, the food was amazing and service too
Definitely worth a visit
The food is great and the atmosphere is very European
This is one of my new favorite Italian bar in williamsburg
We LOVE this place
Thank god they don't take credit cards or we'd be in bankruptcy court
Awesome authentic italian meats and cheeses
Only complaint is the menu is a little homogenized for american tastes, so if you are looking for adventurous flavors you might be a little disappointed, but will quickly forget when you dive into what you ordered
Who knew ham and cheese could be so lucious? This place is the bar alternative when you are interested in a good bottle of wine and good conversation, instead of getting drunk/laid like the majority of the williamsburg NYU/Pratt bar scene
We now cannot wait to go to Sardinia! Staff is so nice! Prices are fair! Get the Taglieri DOC platter for two
My first night in williamsburg and i spent it here
great staff, great atmosphere and great wine for the right price ! definitely making this a regular stop an all of my trip to williamsburg !
Great food, especially the special pistoku with the most amazing bresala, goat cheese and pesto sauce
I like the fact that they have a great assortment on wines by glass
Their panini are the best I've had, warm and crispy
Service is excellent
Delicious! The food here is amazing
and fun
Fresh and authentic- I felt like I was in Italy! Its romantic and the staff is great
the chef even came out and joked around with us
I'd heard about the place and originally went out to try the wines but will return for the food! This is a real Sardinian place! Try the cascatta!
The outside does not look as appealing as the inside rustic Italian vibe
The panini was delicious
We did not get a cheese plate however, next time I go I would love to try it
I saw many people ordering it and it looked good
The friendly service was by far the best part
I would deifntely make the hike back to Williamsburg
this is a great little place
The only flaw is the wine is all stored at a very high temperature, which really brings down the quality of the wine
If they could cure this problem, it would be a perfectly great place for the evening! Wines by the glass are awesome!
I must say everything really was wonderful, the foods was amazing fresh and delicius ( taliere di formagi special )
Bobby V's is a great place to go before or after Shea or to catch a game on one of many tvs
They also have Tusesday night trivia and other special nights with give aways (Mets tickets, baseball memoribilia, plane tickets!)
The baseball memoribilia throughout the bar and restaurant is very impressive
especially considering it is all from Bobby Valentine's personal collection (imagine what else he has at his house!)
Bobby often drops by after games to sign autographs and chat with fans
