he's a great guy! And it's usually packed with Mets fans when he drops by, so a rousing chant of Bobby, Bobby! is heard as he enters! It's a riot!
This is new: Every Wednesday is Karaoke Night from 8-11pm
What goes with Karaoke? BEER and lots of it! Is 24 oz enough for you? COORS LIGHT YARDS are only $7
00 and you get to keep the glass
After that, (every Wednesday) refills are ONLY $5
00
Bobby V's is an awesome place, especially if you are a Met fan
The food is decent but it is the people and the atmosphere that makes the place
Can get a little crowded and wait time goes up on game days though
Still worth the short walk from Shea!
Even if you aren't a NY Mets fan, this is the place to go to if you have a love of baseball
There are many, many authentic baseball artifacts, from signed balls to jerseys to yearbooks for you to look at
There are dozens of TV's always tuned into some kind of sports game
The food is great, the prices reasonable and Bobby V
sometimes even makes an appearance behind the bar
Its the perfect place to go for dinner with your family and definately before, during and after any sporting event
If the NY Mets are not you team, you'll find your team on one of the TV's
Even Yankee Games
lOVE THIS RESTAURANT, FOOD IS EXCELLENT AND INEXPENSIVE, WAIT STAFF IS FUN, ITS LIKE A BASEBALL MUSEUM, EVEN HAVE MET A FEW BALLPLAYERS THERE
BOBBY VALENTINE IS VERY NICE AS A HOST, HE SEEMS TO BE THERE AFTER MANY GAMES
BAR AREA IS SEPERATE AND ALSO NICE
LOVE GOING THERE TO WATCH A METS GAME, HANG OUT WITH FRIENDS, OR JUST FOR A BURGER AND A BEER
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family! it is a great place to meet Players other Team Members! The Food was EXCELENT! The service is Great! It is just a Great place to go if you are a Baseball Fan!! even better if you are a METS Fan!
The Scene True to its name, stock certificates line the walls of the small bistro
Surprisingly, the framed documents only add to the cozy, romantic ambiance
Unfinished wood floors and exposed brick offer a soothing alternative to the commotion of Second Avenue just around the corner
On warm nights, get a seat by the floor-to-ceiling windows, which swing open to let in fresh air
The Food In a less-than-booming economy, it's a joy to find an East Village bistro with entrees that rarely top 15 bucks
At these prices, you can afford to experiment with the appetizers, which range from delicious (green salad with slices of fresh zucchini) to so-so (sweet potato fries with a too-sugary maple dipping sauce)
For entrees, a sure bet is the thick pork chop, which goes best with an added side of brie mashed potatoes
But it's the inexpensive burgers you'll want to put your money on: Available in turkey, beef or veggie, they're among the neighborhood's best
Stopped by to pick up a burger-- it was great and the sweet potato fries were some of the best I have had
you must try the Blue Moon on tap if you like Belgian ale-- very friendly environment and the owner built the bar himself-- how cool is that!
I stumbled upon this place last nite and stopped in for some food
Very cozy place, Good burgers, Great Fries, and AMAZING service
The people were so nice
I will definitely be back
A few of my friends went to dinner last night and the food was great! I totally recommend the turkey burger
make sure you opt for the sweet potato fries with the maple dipping sauce
Also try the brie apetizer
was amazing!!  I would definately recommend this place!
I went to Common Stock for brunch and it was one of the best I've had in New York
They make the best new burgers in town! It's an unbelievable bargain
The specials for dinner looked amazing too
this is definitely one of my new favorite places
Fantasic new place! Excellent burgers and amazingly cool owners/bartenders
A place like this deserves to be successful
And no, I'm not related to them
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill
I would definitely come back to this restaurant
This is the best new place I have found in a while
Not only do they have awesome burgers, but the other offerings are also delicious
Common Stock is unpretentious and welcoming
Finally, a great burger joint in the East Village
Ever since my first burger at Common Stock, I keep going back
With a great chef, fantastic service and creative drinks, Common Stock is a tasty experience
The oysters were awesome too! I would recommend this place to anyone
this place is an un-original dive
you can get a better berger at a diner, you can get a better beer at a bar
the place is cramped while you're eating and loud
don't recommend the cheesy-ness
Absolutely incredible food
We were there for lunch and with tax/tip for 3 of us was less than $60
00
Only drawback is the size of the restaurant
The best restaurant experience that I ever had from the food to the service to fantastic rare silent movies
Dinner was very disappointing
I ordered two appetizers, thinking it'd be enough
It was not
The lobster ravioli appetizer had two, yes, two pieces
After I complained that I had NO idea it'd be this small to the manager, she didn't apologize and offer to replace it
Instead, she said it was already made, that I could pack it home and order something else
She expected me to pay even though it was not what I expected or accurately described on the menu
At other restaurants, they've would've replaced with no questions
The ravioli itself was hard, not even good
The quality of service nor food was certainly not worth the higher prices
It just made the rest of the night unpleasant
Though the food was OK, the fact that the manager didn't understand good customer service made the food worse
It was such a wonderfull dinning experience
Thanks to all the great people who work there
The Scene Follow a down-home friendly server past the bowling ball return that serves as a cocktail table and the honest-to-goodness trailer to a table along the wall
By then you'll have probably absorbed enough calculated kitsch to focus on the food, instead of on the photo of Elvis, Priscilla and Lisa Marie that looms on the wall behind you
The Food The aesthetic at Trailer Park is more fat Elvis than young Elvis, and the food matches perfectly
A solid inch of bacon separates the two pieces of bread in the BLT
Burgers are satisfyingly greasy, with a backyard-soft bun, and they just come right out and call their hot dog a Fat Dog
Almost everything comes in a plastic basket with a pile of sugary sweet potato fries
Nachos are strictly ballpark--salty rounds in yellow cheese sauce or doused in chili
This place is fun at its best! I went with a group of friends and we all had a blast
The decor is a trip, gotta see it for yourself, you feel like you've travelled back in time
The music they play makes you want to get up and dance and order more drinks!! Speaking of drinks the frozen margaritas kick butt!!! They are strong and get the job done
The food is fantastic! One of the best burgers I've had in NYC and cooked exactly as I like it, medium rare baby!! Everything comes with your choice of tater tots (yeah that's right Napoleon, TOTS!!!) or sweet potato fries
As far as the cost, this please is a great deal: drinks are strong, food is delicious with good size servings
The staff is great
totally friendly and fun yet professional
They also have a great Happy Hour everyday from 4-7
Walking into Trailer Park is like walking straight into the heart of America
I love it's funky little novelties like the can of spam in the showcase and lounge area that is actually a chunk of an old bowling alley
I had the most delicious burger, and I usually don't like veggie burgers but I tasted my friend's and it was SO good
