Also, when we're out in Chelsea we expect to pay a lot for food, but every plate in here is under $10
Everything comes with tater tots (how cool is that) or sweet-potato fries and the portions are generous
The frozen margaritas are delicious and LOADED!! Just $7 for one and I was already buzzed
Also it was someone's birthday there and they served a moon pie with a sparkler in it! so funny! I am going back there for my birthday with all of my friends!!
TRAILER PARK is DYNAMITE! Great grilled burgers, killer margaritas, friendly professional staff, an actual trailer park trailer hung on the wall, you've never seen a place quite like it
This is like one cool joint daddy-o
Trailer Park is awesome! The food is delicious
My friends and I go there just for their homemade nachos and strawberry margaritas! Their cheeseburgers are the best I've had in a long time
The waitresses are always fun and their personalities are what make us go back every week
And the decor is trashy just likes it's supposed to be!
I like the decor and food at trailer park, and the servers are nice
but if you go at night, you can count on your experience being completely ruined by the obnoxious loudmouth who apparently works the door
he checks your id, which is a bit ridiculous for a restaurant- not everyone drinks
and he's shouting and singing badly the whole time- all i wanted the whole time is for this guy to just shut up
i can honestly say i don't recommend this place, just because this jerk alone makes your time there stink
You have to be kidding me: six bucks for a small order of tater tots that taste like Ore Ida? The food here is so bad that I wouldn't feed it to my dog, and the service is even worse
The mac and cheese is more like melted Velveeta soup with weird breadcrumb topping
It is obscenely overpriced and the service is unattentive and rude
As a native Southerner, I can say that this place has no idea what soul food tastes like
I don't see how they stay in business
It must be where the people with poor taste go
At first, this place looked like it would be a lot of fun
The food was pricey for what it was
hamburgers and hotdogs, but the decor was great
Unfortunately, we had a terrible server
She took our orders (we had a table of six), but accidentally left off one person's order
That happens, I understand
But she never even apologized
She acted like we were being unreasonable for wanting our food to all come out at the same time
The person's dinner came out 15 minutes later, and she still never apologized
There was also nothing removed from our bill, which we thought might happen
And because the Trailer Park has a five-person-automatic-tip policy, we were unable to express our disapproval through the tip
Hence this review
So diners, beware
I hope this doesn't happen to you because it dampened an otherwise fun experience
I can't believe I've lived in Chelsea for the past few years and have never been to this place! I'm definitely going to make up for lost time
A bunch of friends and I went there last Friday night and had a ball
This place is so much fun! It's hysterical! The food was great
I had a philly cheese steak with tater tots and a yummy strawberry margarita
My friends loved their food too and drinks too! The service was great! Adorable waitress with a cute, perky attitude
I can't stop raving about this place to everyone
I will definitely be going back!
Trailors has the BEST decor! Every time I go, I always choose a trash item and try to play I-spy
Last time i found all the pink flamingos =) Food is a bit pricey, but you cant beat the wednesday night Elvis shows while inhaling down some sweet potato fries
After waiting about 30 minutes for a table after being told 10-15, I had a had a couple of reasonably priced draft Sam Adams ($3
00)
After being shown to our table - which had the most uncomfortable chair I have sat in in some time, we order a burger and a turkey burger
My toppings, cheese, bacon and grilled onions increased the cost of the burger from $ 8to $14, which seemed steep for the modest slice of cheese, limited onions, and bacon
The Turkey burger was much more flavorful than the burnt regular burger, and the sweet potato fries were good
I am not sure I would go back for the food, but the drinking is fun as the stuff on the wall is fun to look at
If you like making fun of poor people, paying way too much for a can of beer, and eating overpriced, not-so-good, food in tiny portions, this place is for you
The only bright spot is the service
Most of the employees are friendly and helpful
I came here last weekend for a bite to eat with some friends before hitting the bars
We ended up staying a lot longer because it was a fun, relaxing place
Take a look around you when you're there, there are a lot of pretty funny stuff up on the walls
I got the turkey burger and it was great
A friend said the sloppy joe wasn't too good so I would suggest sticking with the burgers or chicken sandwich
Try the nachos too, nothing fancy but still very good
Trailer Park Lounge is a fabulous place to pull over your RV and fuel up on the best cheeseburgers in town
even better than those at the Corner Bistro (and I thought I would never say that)
Their tater tots and sweet potato fries are out of this world and I can't stop craving them
In fact, I wanted to eat everything on the menu
If I had any more of their amazing frozen margarita's, I might have
The restaurant is really a museum of everything tacky and beloved by rednecks
No detail went unnoticed in keeping with the Trailer Trash decor
What makes Trailer Park stand out amongst those theme restaurants is that it has stellar food, a very friendly staff, local regulars, fabulous drinks and just a great atomosphere
It would be hard to walk out of this place without a full stomach and a smile on your face
I agree with some that the service isn't the best (they can be a little slow) but this place is still awesome, and no one mentions the fact that they have vegetarian selections at this place! From most of the reviews you would think all they have is burgers and hot dogs, but they have vegetarian chili and nachos too, both of which are extremely tasty
And if you have an affection for trashy Souther tabloids and decor (which you should ;) then you'll love this joint!
One of a kind, hilarious concept
Potent margaritas, good grilled burgers and friendly service
Great Elvis impersonator on Wednesday's
I'll be back
This bar is close to where I live, and a great place to show up for a few drinks
Don't know if I'd want to make a whole night of it, although the atmosphere is a lot to take in
Word of advice: the food is mediocre and overpriced
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar
This place was awsome
Everything I heard and read before didn't say enough! The atmosphere, decor, and sweet potato fries were out of this world
A great place to go with friends when you want to have fun in a relaxed and unique atmosphere! Don't miss this experience
when else do you get to eat yummy food in a turquoise trailer with cheap beer and delicous food!
$4 PBR cans
unprecedented
First time in bar history to charge twice the cost of a 6 pack for 1 beer
Brilliant
This is a great place to meet with a group of friends
Its cuisine is something that everybody will enjoy, who doesn't love grilled cheese, mac and cheese and chicken sandwiches? The bartender was extremely friendly and made our night very enjoyable
A great establishment to start your night off right with
I would recommend that everybody stop by
You have got to love a place with Elvis on velvet! The waitstaff goes above and beyond the call of duty to make sure you have a great time! Great place to go with a group! The sweet potato fries are out of this world!
We liked what they did with this place, funny stuff, very amusing
Surprisingly good grilled food and seriously strong margaritas, wow! Nice place to hang out and the teeny boppers are scarce, good crowd
Only in New York would you go to a kitschy, overpacked, psuedo trailer home and expect it to be The Next Hip Thing
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait
The hostess said it would be a half hour wait
When we approached her again after the half hour was up, she said: How much longer? Who knows?! Another half hour--maybe more! In the following hour, we grew to hate the hostess, the stupid hollowed-out pineapple cocktails, all the loud, drunken people who wouldn't give up their tables, and an awful group of four trashy middle-aged girls who grabbed our booth
Wish we'd gotten to try the food, but it no longed seemed worth the who knows how long? wait
Love it or hate it--but it's probably best to decide before you go and endure the wait
These are burgers I crave! Nothing like sitting by the trailer, eating a great burger with those delicious sweet potato fries! Only wish? More food selections
