Trailer Park Lounge is a really fun place
Went with 3 friends and the drinks and grilled food were better than average
Friendliest waitperson i've had in awhile and the funniest decor I have ever seen
You have got to try this place
I'm thinking about having my 30th birthday party here
Even though I waited outside to be seated for about 20 minutes my experience was positive
It's all about what you expect
Did I think I would get the type of service and food I would at one of NYC's more pretentious establishments? heck no! The staff was friendly, the food was satisfactory and the price was right
Highly recommend the veggie burger
YUMMY!
Now I acknowledge that this really just wasn't my kind of place, but god, it was just painful to hang out here, even for 30 minutes
The drinks were AWFUL, and the service was not satisfactory
Go back to Kentucky people
I went here with my book group and we had a nice time
The bartender was nice and made decent drinks
The wait was a bit long, but we just got a another drink
Decor is hilarious
Food came fast and it was yummy and cheap
THE SWEET POTATO FRIES ROCK!
Wow what a great party place
Family and friends gathered at Trailer Park to party hardy
We enjoyed all the memorbillia, delicious food, great drinks
The service was extrememly courteous, something that is missing in many restaurants these days
It was great southern hospitality in New York
My family and friends are still smiling from the day we celebrated at Trailer Park
So cool, lots of fun, cool memorabilia, great American favorites, fries, mac and cheese and a full bar
Fun for a big group!
After dining in stuffy Manhattan eateries for the last ten years, the Trailer Park is a blast of fresh n' salty air
The food was terrific and fast, and the staff made us feel right at home
Just what the neighborhood needed
This place is Hilarious!! Too Funny! I had a great time
the margarita's will knock you on your white trash butt!
I joined my family in this new bar and grill called Trailer Park
I could not believe my eyes
This place was unbelievable
The atmoshere was great! I could have sat there for hours just looking at the decorations
The service was great! Everyone that worked there was so friendly and helpful
The food was so delicious
This is a great new place to try
A place like no other! The Trailer Park Bar and Grill is a place to be desired by people of all ages
It's atmosphere is enjoyable, fun, and friendly
The food is trailericious
sweet potato french fries, grilled sourdough bread, and a pinapple cocktail for two--YUMMY!! Enter the Trailer Park Bar and Grill and leave with a smile:)
This place is Cool! Nice staff but gets too crowded
Worth checking out at least once
Nice people, rustic Southern junk food, and numerous pictures of Elvis
What's not to love? The menu could use a few more options, however
Great new place that takes its tongue in cheek jab at 'White Folks' cookin'
one wonders what they wanted to do, because what may have been intended as some kind of insult, or act of arch condescion has turned into a wonderful place to drop in, and enjoy some (or a lot!) of that food that though it's not the best for you, makes you feel great
A good place to celebrate when your feeling a little high yet your wallet isn't; and a good place to cheer a friend on any occasion
Atmosphere is welcoming if in desparate need of editing -- reminds the writer of his Midwest roots
Small, overcrowded and RUDE!! If you like charcoal burgers, syrup in your margaritas, (what is with that anyway?) and a waitress calling you baby honey every freakin' second
that's your taste
But if you mind getting thrown from your table
bring it on! Jerry! Jerry! Did I mention the 3-hour table limit? Oh, were we taking too long? According to my watch we were seated at 7 and kicked out by 8:30
That's an hour and a half, no? Not to mention the rudeness of the customers next to us who proceeded to clap as we were leaving
their standing friends now had a table next to the rest of them
Cute
The waitress tells us we could take it out of her tip, but includes it anyway since we were a table of 5
So, long and short of it is
rude, pushy, sucky food, but cheap
Have to give them that!
This place had potential and then they hired the staff
If you want to try it, my advice is if you get the surly waitress with the bad die job -- RUN! -- she is evil
Destroyed our whole visit
Very disappointing! We received bad service, as did the people sitting next to us
The food was no big deal
The manager/owner was terrible to the people at the next table, and all they did was question an item on their bill
They also charged extra for adding strawberry syrup to the margarita! Who ever heard of that, even in NYC!? My burger was undercooked
The sweet potato fries were ok, but I would have been happier going next door to FB!
Ok, Trailer Park was better before everyone found out about it (now it gets too crowded)
but I still think it's fantastic
They have awesome grilled cheese sandwiches, cold beer, and the prices are LOW! I mean, you have to love a place with pictures of Tonya Harding on the wall
Not a total waste, but not worth the time and money
Basic facts: sub-par limited menu; poorly made drinks; random crowd; and a waitress (although entertaining) that was doing shots behind the bar
good times if you're in the mood, but when you're waiting for an average veggie burger, it gets tiresome
But, check it out if white-trash decor is your forte
impressive collection of things that you would find at garage sales and midwestern brothels
Martha Stewart would not approve
Trailer Park is fun, lively and entertaining
I've been there 5 times now and had a different food item each time, in a nutshell the food is great! The margaritas are outstanding (be careful, they pack a wallop) the staff could'nt be more friendly and professional
Whomever wrote those negative reviews is just angry because they had to wait in line for a little while, so did I and so what, it's a popular place, these things happen
Hey complainers, if you don't like being in a busy place go somewhere else, the are 2000 gin mills in N
Y
C
, find one that will put up with unhappy complainers
for the rest of us out there, Trailer Park is a great, informal, fun experience
Do yourself a favor and try it out
I realize Trailer Park does not take reservations but after braving a pouring rain storm after being told on the telephone that the wait would be 15 minutes tops, it was a grave disappointment to get there to find that the wait was over an hour
We decided to brave it out with a couple of margaritas


big mistake
I'm guessing they forgot to rinse the soap out of the glasses before pouring in the drinks or they just happen to make the worst margarita I have ever tasted
With 5 items on the menu and prices this low, you'd think turnover would be a priority -- think again!!! Burgers and even chili were burnt to a crisp
Waitress had to be body blocked for attention
In the end, a potentially quick bit of whimsy became a torturous taffy pull of time for stinky food
AVOID except for drinks
Trailer Park is a great place to come to if you are looking for a low key, relaxed atmosphere
The drinks are great, esp
