it's not worth the price
This has to be the freshest sushi I have ever had!! I have to say that I have been to Sushi restaurants every where and it has never been as good as it was at Ota-Ya
It was cleaner than most sushi restaurants and the wait staff was courteous
The seating area is spacious but most of all the Sushi is just incredible
The Spicy Tuna rolls are a must try!!! Enjoy!!
In Short Feel like a rock star as you sip a sake sour and sing your heart out in a private, high-tech karaoke room that you can reserve for four or more friends
The vibe here is chic and modern, with dark walls, stark white-leather chairs and television screens
The sushi chef makes dragon and peacock rolls, and fresh sashimi; other options come from the volcanic-stone grill menu
WORST IN NEW YORK!  My birthday with 10 friends
The staff ignored us all night
Never brought our drinks, never put in our songs, never brought our food
We had asked for the bill and 20 minutes went by before we finally decided to start walking knowing that would get their attention
We finally got the bill and THEY CHARGED US FOR THE FOOD AND DRINKS WE NEVER GOT!!!!!!!!!! They totally tried to scam us and then started shouting at us when they got caught
There was no manager on duty to settle the dispute with
Finally we just gave the little tart hostess what we thought was fair which she took begrudgingly and then told us never to come back there again
LIKE WE WOULD!!!!
I used to go to BINY all the time until I really can't bear with the bathroom situation there
People go to parties there, they get really drunk because of the cheap drinks they get who end up throwing up in the bathroom
You walked in and you will go straight out
And, I am talking about the female bathroom, what do you think it is going to be like in the male bathroom?
My best friends threw me my bachelorette party here and I had the best time!! It was the perfect space for us to sing at the top of our lungs and not worry about offending people around us
The staff gave us great, prompt service and the karaoke was easy to operate and played all night long
Everyone else looked like they were having a great time as well, and it wasn't too crowded to be uncomfortable
I highly recommend this place!
Having come from Toronto where Karaoke is a big part of the asian culture I must say that Biny has done a wonderful job at making the atmosphere seem almost like home
My best friend and boyfriend (fiance) both had both visited me and had their birthday parties here and could only say that it reminds them of home
I must say that it is the people that brings me back because it reminds me of Toronto (the best city in the world)
i am suspicious that these positive comments are from the staff
The place is a great concept but they need to iron out some problems
1
The song list is VERY VERY limited
ex: not one Michael Jackson song
2
Staff
one staff member was friendly the rest acted like they were doing us a favor 3
Song list
it really is that limited
i wouldn;t go back until they added reasonable songs
Our party at BINY was such a huge success and everyone had a great time! We thought everything the staff did was amazing and thoughtful! Ill reccommend biny to anyone!  Have your party there
it was above all the best place to party in town!
Biny was one of the best times we have had as a group this year! We laughed so hard and I ate more sushi then most eat in a year
IT WAS wonderful
I can only say that if you didn't like BINY you you must really be a bore! AND singing while you eat especially with the wonderful entertainment they had only made it better! BINY for any kind of party or night out is the way to GO!
First of all, this is not a real Japanese Restaurant
Second, there are plenty better food restaurant in New York
The only recommendation I can make for this place is if you must sing while you eat, then this is the place for you
i go to karaoke and party with my friends at BINY very often; tried the food only once, not bad
Great place to have a good time! Try out the Monday to Thursday $25 all you can drink deal!
Lots of fun, lose track of the time
Great food, the fish was nice and fresh
Just needs more of a music selection for the karoake
I just want to say my sisters BABY shower was a rip roaring success
I cant wait to have another party at BINY
and all my friends cant wait either
The menu was affordable and so different
The eniter party went sooth and was so much fun, it was def
the best BABY shower anyone in our family has ever attended!
I had a party at BINY, we booked it 3 weeks before my husbands birthday
From the start of the party to very end, it was non stop laughs and fun
Between the food and the service we could not have asked for anything more
Thank YOU BINY, My husbands 50th was one we both wont forget
I just wanted to say how pleased we were with BINY! My wife and I and all of ur friends had a great time, the food was perfect, and the drinks non-stop
Eunice did a really great job! It couldn't have been a better 30th birthday for my wife
It was wonderful
GO!
If you like to sing and you like Japanese food this is the place to be
The main restaurant is fun if you want to sit back and have a few drinks while others sing or you can take your friends into one of the private rooms and have your own karaoke party
I have been her numerous times and my friends and I always have a greeeaaattt time!
After spotting BINY on Citysearch, my friends and I met here after work for a drink
Not only were the cocktails excellent, but the sushi was very good as well
I'll definitely be back!
My friends took me out for my birthday at BINY, I don't think anyone from my party, would disagree when I write it was the best time we had in a while
The atmosphere ands service excellent
I love the fact that all of my friends could sing in the privacy of our own room
So every one sang and acted up
I highly reccomend a Le'chee Martini, I think its one of there specialties
In additon to the fun we had, the food was excellect
The only negative thing I could say was we the night had to come to an end
We were looking for a place to celebrate my 30th birthday that was fun and off the wall
we ended up at BINY through the advice of friends and I can't believe the fun we had! We reserved a room for 9 people and sang for hours not to mention that I ate some of the best Sushi I have had in New York
It was a blast
If you go have a leechee Martini
they were awesome! Where else can you eat and sing! GREAT JOB BINY!
This is THE hotspot near the has-been, tired Soho Used to be Grand-Hotel Sovaa and Sovaa PR has done an amzing job of keeping all the cool people here, like Casey Spooner of Fischer Spooner, who can be heard singing karaoke at three am
This is Fun stuff!!! Fierce!!!!! If you like food, fashion, people watching and being fierce, then Biny is for you
Did I mention they accept corporate accounts?
The Scene This Brooklyn hot spot, located on an unlikely corner west of the BQE, draws a diverse crowd
A raucous bar leads upstairs to an upbeat, Southwestern-appointed dining room
Another flight up, the elegant lantern-lit rooftop inspires a reverent and romantic mood
The Food After 14 years at Zarela, arguably the city's best Mexican restaurant, Gary Jacobson offers bold cooking that befits Alma's many moods, playing soulful and serious in the same bite
Some appetizers, such as saucy tortilla cheese chilaquiles rancheros, will have you licking your plate, and others merely scraping it
Corn-husk tamales conceal anise-scented mole; crispy masa cups contain succulent braised duck; and tender seafood seviche tickles with citrus spice
Elaborate entrees--pork-stuffed ancho rellenos studded with raisins and green olives, and expertly seared trout escabeche refreshed with mint and jalapeno--achieve riveting harmonies
Local bakeries supply a delectable dessert roster, but Alma takes credit for the creamy flan
I'm past my 20's but was feeling kind of fun and hip waiting for our table in the bar area
Regulars were playing cards and the bartender was fun without being cutesy
After an hour wait, we were finally called on our cell phone for a table
On our way up the stairs - a giant cockroach was scurrying along one of the steps
When I told the guy at the top of the stairs - discretely - he insisted it was a waterbug and acted as though I was an idiot for pointing it out
We left - didn't need dinner after all
