Great Atmosphere and Great Food
Went to eat at DC on Park Ave South with good friends from out of town
As we were finishing our dessert, a nearby waitress dropped a tray and HOT CHOCOLATE SAUCE splattered all over my neck, hair and sweater and my boyfriend's clothes
The manager, although apologetic and attentive, only took our desserts and guacamole off of our bill to cover the cost of drycleaning
All of this on top of the fact that the food was sub-par and over priced and we had the worst table in the house
You're better off going to Taco Bell
My God
Could this place be any bigger, noisier, more obnoxious?
To read that the restaurant holds 250 surprised me-- it feels much more intimate than that
Start with the margaritas and meander toward wine
the seabass is delicious; it melted in the mouth
The food here is very good
Excellent guacamole
However, ALL the hostesses here are rude
I've dined here many times before and they are ALWAYS cranky and moody and useless
If you can ignore that, then you would have a pleasant time
I highly recommend their chilean sea bass
And by the way, this is not your typical mexican restaurant with tacky decor
It actually looks decent
The environment in this place is very pleasant and the food is excellent
I was recommended by a co-worker
If you want to impress a date, good choice
We were a group of four and everything that everyone ordered was either very good or excellent
Atmosphere was a bit loud and the waiter hardly spoke english, but the overall experience was pretty good (and not that expensive - total bill was $200 with tip)
Food, atmosphere, and service are great
Dos Caminos is the best Mexican experience in NYC
Don't miss it on Park Ave or in Soho!
I recently had my Birthday dinner here
There were 12 of us and we were promptly seated at a large round table - what a luxury! We could actually all see each other and converse throughout our meal
The drinks were creative and delicious and the fresh guac was a hit as usual
However the 2nd course was a bit disappointing
My boyfriend and I shared the veggie quesadilla which was just slabs of greasy grilled vegetables slapped btw tortillas with cheese
And the Mahi Mahi taco was just a hunk of fish thrown in a wrap with some fixins
But other people's entrees were very good including the enchiladas and the shrimp
And the chocolate fundue dessert was the best I've ever had
to die for! I thank them for making my Birthday special (and never trying to rush us out!) Overall it was a total pleasure
I HEARD SO MUCH ABT THIS PLACE THAT I HAD TO TRY IT OUT
LET ME TELL U GUYS IT WAS HORRIBLE
WE ORDERED THE SOFT TACOS WITH UR CHOICE OF KOBE BEEF,CHICKEN
ETC
WHEN WE RECIEVED OUR ORDER OUR MOUTHS DROPPED AND WE LAUGHED
THE PORTIONS WERE SO TINY!! THE TACOS WERE THE SIZE OF AN EGG,(A TAD BIGGER)
THAT SHOULDN'T BE CONSIDERED A MEAL, SHOULD BE AN APPETIZER
TO TOP IT OFF, WE ASKED FOR MORE CHIPS, AND OUR WAITRESS FIRST OFF LOOKED AT US LIKE WE WERENT SUPPOSE TO HAVE MORE AND ONE PLATE WAS ALL THAT WE CAN HAVE
SHE NEVER CAME BACK WITH MORE SO WE ASKED AGAIN AND SHE GAVE US A NASTY LOOK
EWWW
IF U WANT TO GO TO THIS PLACE, U BETTER GO EAT A STEAK B4 U GET HERE
BUT THE ONLY GOOD THING WAS THE DECOR
THAT WAS IT!!
I adore the food at this place
just LOVE it! I don't know how many times I have been back to this place
they should give me a loyalty card! I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food
Plus the cocktails are amazing too
The decor is well appointed and the service always sweet and helpful
who cares that it gets BT at times!
This place is AMAZING! The guac is fresh (made at the table) and the food is delicious! Havebeen here many times and never tried anything I didn't like! Reservations recomended - even for lunch! Well worth the extra dinero to dine here!
I am a repeat customer at Dos Caminos for two reasons: the ambience and the guacamole! Reservations are recommended, as it is often difficult to procure a table, especially on the weekends
The sangria is above average, the food portions big, the noise level high
The guacamole, however, makes this restaurant worth a trip
or two!
The best guacamole ever!! Made fresh to order! Yummy!! The margaritas are pitiful for the money what a shame
Cool atmosphere and service was very good
The mahi mahi tacos are terrible
I had better fish tacos at fast food chain in San Diego
Stick with the basics
I will go back though I looove that guac!
You can't go wrong with Dos Caminos
Service is spetacular, the cool latin ambiance makes it at the same time a good place to go with friends, pre-game before going out to clubs or to take a date out
The cuisine is very good and comes in portions that are just about perfect to make you happy - not full or hungry
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed
I had brunch with my boyfriend at Dos Caminos and had expected great food, and a fun scene, but was really blown away by the dining experience
Our waiter was helpful and nice, the guac rocked and the quesadilla was packed with veggies and gourmet goodies
Dessert was amazing also
Go now!
Only go for the Guac and some drinks (Great Tequila selection)
The food is very below average and just not worth the value
This place is good! I went with little expectations and was happily surprised
From the minute I walked in the door the staff was friendly (almost felt like they were happy to seeme)
The waitress knew her stuff too and made great reccomendations (Get that Fernando something Azul margarita)
We had the guacamole made right in front of us and THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! The pork taco was succulent and juicy
My wife had the swordfish and we both loved it
or dessert we had the PB ice cream sundae
It has all I thought about since
Never been there before but we will be back
Thanks for a real good time!
Went on Friday
Great dining vibe on a Friday if you're planning on going out afterwards
The energy is great, people are young and hip, decor is trendy, funky and strong
Waiters are pleasant
My mouth waters just thinking about the food
You must order the guacamole, it's to die for
Some good choices are the pork soft shelll tacos, roast beef, shrimp enchilladas and some Sangria to wash it all down with
Excellent food that you must try! Brunch here is also equally fantastic
Try the Benedict quesidilla, it's amazing
if you like mexican food -- you have to try this place
excellent guac, prickly pear marg, and the seabass was good too :) they have a great drink list but what that liquor intake the bill can add up quickly  if you dont like spicy food Speak Up - they can do dishes limiting the spicy-hotness
ok here's a little translating help a little spicy = HotHotHOT (but that could be just me)
Having lived in New Mexico for several years, I searched high and low when I moved to NYC because I was accustomed to fresh margs, salsa, guac, tacos, etc
