Ganache is an adorable spot tucked away from the chaos of Hoboken's main drag
The staff is always warm and accomodating
but that's only gravy
The desserts are not only the most beautiful I've ever seen, but by far the most delicious
The illy coffee is the perfect complement to any of the treats and for all you tea buffs out there, they have a wide selection of those too
A comforting treat for anyone who needs a self indulgent moment
and we all need those every now and then
I must say that Ganache do their job best at pleasing a customer
I ordered a basket of cookies and a food platter for my company's event
I was pleased at the presentation, and everyone loved both the food and the cookies
I especially liked the steak/vegetable wrap and chicken sandwich
They were also fresh
Oh, and the cookies were out of this world!! Big, chunky, and they melt in your mouth
One of my supervisors even complemented me and said that she'd love to use them for her Thanksgiving party
Thanks Ganache, you made me look good! :)
As if the food weren't rich, delicious and beautiful enough, Keith and Jessica, the owners, are amazingly friendly, sincere and helpful
I highly reccomend the rasberry-white and dark fudge cookies, as well as the Buffalo Bob wrap
I'm a Buffalo-native and it's the closest thing I've had to authentic wings since coming to NYC
This cafe has it all
great service, great ambience, great coffee and last but not least
great desserts! Tucked away in uptown Hoboken, Ganache is certainly one of those places that you just can't get enough of! A frequent visitor, I've sampled most of the desserts (La Dome is to die for!) and as an admitted coffee junkie, theirs is out of this world (trust me!)!! But words alone don't do this cafe and all its decadent offerings justice
once you go, you'll see why!
Such a fabulous addition to uptown Hoboken
This little cafe is a great place to relax and enjoy quality, comfort food
I meet my friends here regularly and sometimes I enjoying ending a date here too! You can't go wrong with any of the desserts
Finally
I have been waiting for a place like this to open up for sooo long
I used to always go to Cafe Lalo when I lived on the Upper Westside
Since moving to the Boken I haven't found any place like it until I accidentally came across Ganache ( They need a bigger sign- but maybe its better that way so they get don't get mobbed
anyway back to my review
) If you're looking for just an every day dessert there are plenty other places to go to but if you need something a little special and you're accustomed to NY standards then it's worth your trip to this new little place in Uptown Boken
It took me awhile but once I found Ganache I can't control my cravings for their cafe and desserts
I wish they had advertised more so that I would have discovered this hidden gem a lot sooner
I consider it a crime that they've been in Hbocken for nearly a year and I just recently stumbled upon this desert lovers paradise
All my holiday deserts will be from Ganache
Ganache's coffee is rich and robust and the COFFEE MOCHA IS TOO DIE FOR! I have sampled many of the delectible treats served at this hip, chic yet comfortable cafe
Picking one favorite dessert is impossible-they're all amazing! But a definite must have is their Lemon Tart
Also their quiche IS for real men and women, too!
This fabulous cafe is one of the hidden treasures of hoboken
It's comfortable atmosphere, friendly hosts and sinfully delicious pastries and desserts will surely keep you coming back for more
Try one of the unique blends of teas - they smell just as good as they taste (I highly recommend the coconut)
The pastries at Ganache are amazing! The desserts are delicate and not overly sweet which means you can have more than one! Also impressive are their selection of teas, which include a rooibos, a cure for common colds, hangovers, or general lousiness according to south africans
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate
really good! It's buttery and nutty and just delicious!
The Scene The gods have at long last answered the prayers of NYC tiki devotees with a Polynesian outpost that doesn't miss a trick
An elaborately constructed grass-shack bar, working waterfall, island murals and live cockatoo may convince patrons to peer around for Don Ho (who, in attendance opening night, gave Wally's his benediction)
The Food The menu immediately allays fears of frozen-pu-pu Polynesian: It offers paper-thin-skinned Kahlua pork rolls and five-spice squid salad atop sweet taro puree
Entrees such as ponzu-marinated salmon and panko-crusted opah are artfully dressed--a thick crust of sesame seeds, tangy orange salad or soft coconut rice smartly accentuates ocean-fresh fish
Traditional libations meet stringent Trader Vic standards, while innovative ingredient updates make Wally's Downfall and the Tidal Wave welcome additions to the tiki canon
This place truly does not deserve whatever hype or quality compliments it has received or I have heard
My friends and I dropped by on a Sunday, and there was absolutely NO SERVICE (the supposed only female bartender even told us there was no one else but her, and given that there were people in there waiting to dine and drink, that was ridicoulas!)
There was even one male bartender who was clearly drunk or stoned or both (he stumbled to us, and almost toppled our table!), and who tried to take our drink orders, but then we never saw any coming back
PLUS, the table next to us, when the group left, the dirty dishes were left for a good ten minutes! My group and I cancelled whatever drinks we ordered (no food order since there was NO wait staff) and left
What an extreme disappointment, and an incredibly appalling experience
The whole twenty minutes would be funny if it wasn't so pathetic
Their website indicates nightly music (last night we all thought we were going to see the Hulabillys), and much to our disappointment, found out that they don't even have live music!!!!  The drinks -- well, at best - mediocre - (not even an umbrella in my Mai Tai!)  The service -- slow slow slow
The food -- I didn't even taste it because it looked so gross
Did I have a good time? Yes, I did, only because it was my friend's b-day party, but NEVER NEVER would I recommend this place for any kind of event whatsoever
(But if you do want to have an event there, I'll bet there will be no problem because the place was empty, i
e
, I don't think seating is ever a problem
)
Terrible is the only word to describe this restaurant
The food bordered on disgusting
At the least it was inedible and WAY overpriced
Do not order the pu pu platter unless you like paying $10 (per person!) for one piece of chicken (?) covered in some smelly sauce and a burnt spare rib (at least thats what I thought it was)
The drinks weren't as bad but extremely overpriced
Our waiter was terrible
Wouldn't leave us alone at first and then disappeared
Then he decided to add his 20% tip onto our bill! For our party of 5! Like wrote it in in pen beneath the total!
My husband is from Hawaii so I thought he might enjoy some Hawaiian cuisine
Warning -- this is NOT what Hawaiian food tastes like
Lau lau pork, usually steamed in taro and tea leaves, tasted more like burrito filling
Huli huli chicken (they call it hula hula chicken -- ha ha) had some cheap orange sauce on it and was very dry
Our waitress was nice, but inattentive
We finished our drinks after the appetizer, but she didn't offer to get us more until we were served with desert
That's not a bad thing considering how bad one of our drinks was
The spiced monkey could kill a monkey, it nearly killed us
It tasted like banana-flavored rubbing alcohol
Save your money for a trip to the real Hawaii instead
Lets start with the ambience- with the bamboo tables and tableset, culture masks hanging on the walls, waitress's get ups and the real parrots, this restaurant scores a 8/10!!! Very cute
The food was absolutely delicious! The ribs are a must try -- not the regular bbq sauce flavored ribs, and the seafood stew
The banana rum split was fantastic, too! Service was very nice
The cons about this place is that its a bit small and when you get a rambuncous party like the way I did, its extremely, extremely noisy
Everyone was shouting
Portions were not enough and everything you order (even the drinks) takes a while
However, since this is the only real Hawaiian-like restaurant in NYC thank goodness its a good one! I look forward to my next meal there!
Waikki Wallys, as the name suggests is like no other
IT's a Hawaiian themed restaurant that goes the fulll length complete with welcoming lays and tropical cocktails
The food and drinks are good
Dress code is ultra casual to none (which is a good thing!)
It is a small restaurant despite appearances with a small bar attached
Truly unique it is worth going to once with a gang of friends
Don't expect 5 star dining but do expect a great time
Expected a good time and left feeling completely disappointed
The drinks were tasty, but overpriced and had to remind the waiter several times
The food had to be the worst in NY
Hula dancers were unenthusiastic and practially absent
This place has real potential but I'll never go back
Try adding sauce with the pupu platter, ditch the spam-like tofu, and give the hula dancers a raise
