If you do eat meat it's very satisfying
Now, a few people comment on the service
If you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table or a long time for service then don't go @ 9pm on a Friday or Saturday night
I usually go Mon - Fri around 6 or 7 pm and I don't have any complaints
The place is not empty but I get any table I want
Enjoy Kris
It's the same thing that everyone says
beautiful breathtaking hip modern cool unique decor, highly affordable food, excruciatingly terrible service, but the odd part is I'd still recommend it
I guess everything good and bad about this place is part of the package
The food is just as pretty as the decor, which is another thing worth going for
And it is actually pretty good
A fun story though: as a bold statement about the service, we didn't leave a tip
We gave all the tip money to the Hispanic busboy who at least tried to help us
Upon noticing the blank tip on the credit card receipt, the hostess chased us half a block down the street!! She asked us what was wrong, and we just said the service was awful
If you thought the only reason to take a trip to Williamsburg was to eat steak at Peter Luger you would be missing out on a unique experience
With the arrival of one of the areas most notable restaurants, Sea offers all the ambiance of a trendy Manhattan restaurant without the usual upscale prices
Upon entering, you stumble upon the bar scene which is where you will happily spend your time sipping on a cocktail while waiting for a table
Every element that fills this cavernous space is unique, from the skylight overlooking the pool to the camera views in the restroom that provide a glimpse of those among you
This place is FANTASTIC! It's hip, the food is really good and the price is cheap! Go and check it out for yourself, and if you don't like loud music, go earlier in the evening and you'll get to reelax
if you want a party, go later
and then you can dance while you wait in the Austin Powers meet Hip Budah! The service is NY at it's best
down to buisiness
no 'I want to be your best friend so you give me the biggest tip cause I'm your friend' type of place
Hey! be thankful that they actually know english!
Stunning design that invites you to come in to join the party
Food and service were a bit below average comparing with more expensive restaurants
Great value for your money though
Super loud music that was annoying sometimes
I would recommend having a drink there
I went here on a Saturday night with six people at six o'clock
We did not have a reservation but were seated immediately anyway
The food was great! There was an extensive menu with many options
We all enjoyed every dish we ordered and we had a four course meal
The prices were unbelievably cheap
Appetizers ranged in price from $3-6, salads $3-5, entrees $7-12, desserts $4-5
They had many inexpensive bottles of wine as well
We had a $14 bottle of Merlot
The space itself is very cool
They have a pond in the center of the restaurant which has a very large sky light above it
There are tables built into the sides of the pond
Great spot for a date
The rest of the place is funky
For those who watch Sex in the City, this restaurant was the Raw restaurant
Highly reccommed it
What an amazing place! Went during the week, not very crowded at all
The place is beautifully designed
Got there a bit earlier then my party and had a really nice martini served by a really nice bartender, it was yummy
The food is excellent and served very promptly, not to mention the great value! I had an appetizer, entree, and dessert for under 20 dollars!
The place looks really impressive from the outside, the decor and design of the place
HOWEVER, that place is louder than most bars, which disables all conversation attempts, and the food isn't that good that all you want to do is focus on it
It is merely mediocre
The service is slow, and the restrooms are SO inconviently designed
Don't bother unless you are there already, and the place is half empty
worst acoustics ever!
If you are willing to wait awhile on the most crowded nights (Friday and Saturday) then you're in for a treat
If you could combine a dance club-like atmosphere and spicy thai food you would come up with place like Sea Thai Bistro
It's a wonderful place to bring a date, if you don't mind speaking in your outdoor voice
The DJ will bring a continuous flow of amazing mixes and you'll feel like you just stepped in a glamorous swank bar
The interior design has taken complete advantage of the spacious warehouse that it once was
The most important thing is the food, of course
It might take you awhile to decide what you want due to an enormous variety of dishes but, still, it's almost impossible to go wrong with any of choices
The proportions that they serve are so mindblowing that you'll feel absolutely guilty not finishing!
Very cool looking place! Very hip! DJ playing great music
The food was delicious and cheap!!! :) There is a long wait, but its worth it! HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
This place is great! Unique decor! I got to sit by the water pond, underneath a sun roof
What a great setting to enjoy a delicious meal
The food was great, and inexpensive
My boyfriend and I ordered the crispy duck salad, oriental curry puff and a pad thai
Service was good! This is truly a nice place for either 2 people or a large group
Very spacious, very chic, very tasty and very cheap
Don't forget to check out the fun bathrooms!
If you are looking for a new and different restauant experience around NYC, this is it! The crowd is a mix of young trendsetters and more mature couples
There's a cool ambience-trance/ trip-hop music is spun by a dj while you eat, there's a pool with a Buddha in it, and candles light every table
The food is AMAZING! I am a vegeatarian and I was very pleased with the options offered
Price is on the low side for NYC
A great value and a fun experience!
The restaurant looks really impressive
The food lacks substance (the drinks, however, are decent)
The loud techno music will re-affirm your hipness
You can find similar fare at el-cheapo Thai imitation joints anywhere in the five boroughs
If you are easily impressed by sophisticated restaurant ambiance, I would recommend you don your expensive black shirt and join the upwardly mobile crowd at Sea
the food, ambiance, and wait staff were great! even the bathrooms are unique! you'll have a fun time trying to figure out how to use the communal sink and finding out where the soap is! the only negative thing that i have to say is about the bartenders
they kept ignoring me and then finally when he decided to acknowledge me after 10 mins, he chuckled at the drinks that i ordered and then carded me
he didn't card anyone else there and i do not look anything like i'm underage
i'm 26
then when the other bartender looked at my drivers license, he asked if i just made them
how rude! i'd definitely go back for the food but not the drinks!
everything from surrounding to food is great
i love the pineapple fried rice and pad thais
they have a bar which is great
and the swings
might be a long wait on weekends
even with reservation
a few months ago I had scheduled an reservation for sea, Tuesday for a Saturday night
The phone call was very confusing and hard to understand, Im guessing that the person was foreign and had no knowledge of the English language
I asked her for directions and was given the phone to someone which was better
This place is packed
With reservations i still had to wait about half an hour
Finally seated I noticed how busy the waiter was
Luckily his busboy came over to our table, this bulky muscular teenager, spoke the language very well, he was extremely nice and polite told us the waiter was really busy and that he would take our orders for us and let the waiter know
