Now, they encouraged me to have the octopus appetizer with olive oil and lemon
I was wary
I never eat octopus
But, It is NOT to be missed
It was tender not chewy and tasty as anything i've ever had
Still dreaming about it
And, the pizzas! Incredible thin crust pizzas
Had the 4 cheese and it was amazing
Also, for entree dont miss the meatballs
Served alone in red sauce and are the tastiest meatballs i've ever had
The desserts are great and order the espresso coffee with scoop of vailla ice cream
Perfect ending!
Went to this restaurant to have a Holiday dinner
We were a group of 15
We were greeted promply upon arrival
We hanged out at the bar and drank a delicious red wine which the bartender recommended (He said it was from his home town)
Then we sat at the table and had margarita pizza which I thought was average
Nothing out of the ordinary
The green salad was good and I enjoyed the bread but which it was warm
I had the meatballs which were to amazing
I almost liked my plate
Overall I enjoyed here and would go back
On the night of election tuesday, I decided to distract myself by going out to dinner with my partner
I had read earlier that Giorgio Armani had recomended Girgione because of it's true italian food, so we gave it a try
We were greatly disapointed
The food was good, and that was all
We sat next to a fireplace that had no fire
Our waiter stayed at the bar all night and ignored us
He was very audibly having a better time than we were! We felt bad to interupt him for a drink
When I asked about a manager, I was told he could not be found?!? Mabey we'd be treated respectively if we were as famous as Armani?
Step one foot in this restaurant and you'll be glad you decided to trek all the way down to Tribeca
The sheer smell of a wood burning stove in the front of the restaurant was enough to put a smile on my face, but the night only got better
Service was attentive and curteous, decor was simple but chic (without trying to be), and the food was near perfect
Take it from an Italian -- THIS food is worth it
Great wine selection
I recommend the pasta with duck and chestnut sauce, and the pumpkin risotto, as well as the pizzas -- you will not be disappointed
One downside: a bit noisy if you have more than 4 people in your party
Mr
DeLuca sure knows what he's doing - this restaurant is a gem
One of the most beautiful restaurants in the city! Great atmosphere, makes you never wanna leave! The food is fantastic, and the waitstaff and management dedicated and entertaining
Makes you feel at home immediately
Not only good for dinner, but also bruch and parties
Do yourself a favor and go there ASAP!
i've eaten here quite a few times
every time was great
chef jody williams made sure to visit every table
Great food and very friendly service
the fresh raw bar is excellent
Highly reccommended
Anthony the bartender is enough reason to go to this place
I'd drink anything he put in my glass, and I'm not kidding
He is H H H HOOTTT!!! the food is good, too, don't get me wrong
However, if you want to watch a hot hot hot blond Australian make you a drink, go for it
A beautiful place
I've been during the day and it is sunny and warm, and romantic at night
Everything was perfect to order, the wait staff as they should be - not pretentious, no wait, diligent without being overwhelming
They have a raw bar that is fantastic
I can't believe it was not mentioned in the review
this ain't no pizza joint! I am defiantly going back!
Giorgione! Be prepared to have your every whim catered to
a beautiful hostess and EXTREMELY friendly owner are here to cater to your every need
Always daring, sometimes provocative, with sometimes slighty kinky additions to otherwise stimulating meals
Dont be afriad to try something new, something different, something your conservative parents would never order in front of you
Bring a date, or come alone, you will not go home disappointed! Pay phone often out of service
It's Nice!! I enjoyed speaking with the waiter, the manager, etc
Friendly people
A bit loud but I enjoyed it
I had 3 pizzas all by myself!! It was so good
I also liked the choice of wine they gave me and their cheese assortment was commendable
I also went to their brunch and frankly speaking, it's great!!! AND, great neighborhood!!
The pizza and bread is really good here!! I love the walnut and gorgonzola pizza
They should have that pizza permanently on the menu!!! I'd recommend this place to anyone!!
We went there as a group and although we were greeted nicely the whole place seemed somewhat sterile and smelled strange upon walking in from the outside
The mozzarella and tomato apetizer was mediocre but the tuna special was quite good
The polished steel tables give you a feeling as if you were in a hospital (scalpel please
) although the lighting adds a bit of warmth
I found it to be overpriced for what we had, given the location of this restaurant- read dead area
I probably wouldn't go back there again
We've been twice since its opened and we really can't say enough about this wonderful resturant
The decor is cool without trying too hard, the staff is really amazing and the food is excellent
They remebered us on only our second visit, a rarity these days
From the decor to the wine list to the amazing food, what an awe inspiring experience
Whether arriving by foot or taking a taxi frm the Upper East or West side, Giorgione is worth the trip
If you are lucky, which I have been every time I have dined here, Georgio will stop by the table to say HI! Do yourself a favor and experience Giorgione!
Reasons this place is good: 1
Service is beyond polite and friendly
They let us split the bill up three ways and charge three cards!!! (don't ask why
) 2
The garden outside is nice, would be very nice in the summertime
3
Tapas are at great prices and the portions are large
However, I didn't like the octopus, sorry
Great tapas, great ambience, great Sangria, qualified service
Have been here 4 times and sat in their garden-WONDERFUL! Never had a bad time
Can't wait for spring because the outside seating is SO NICE! It's run by the Cafe Espanol folks around the corner and it shows
Great value too! We and our friends love it!
Cozy place with great Tapas and Sangria
Made me feel like I was in Spain
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
Excellent tapas and sagria, quaint , and romantic excellent value and quality
