Unlike most Mexican restaurants, each dish has a distinctive taste
Everything about this place is fun but sophisticated, from the management to busboys
The food is delicious, margaritas go down almost too easily and it's delightful to sit in the sidewalk cafe and watch the world go by
Even if it's raining, they have a glassed-in atrium so you feel like you're outside
Downstairs it's a little cozier - a good place to take your parents for a non-ostentatious dinner
Had my graduation party with 11 friends at Agave on the suggestion of my aunt
Thought it might be too stuffy for a party BUT it absolutely rocked! Food was great, manager gave us a margarita tasting of 5 different margaritas
What a hoot! LOVED the Blue Margaritas
We were there for 3 hours and check didn't break the bank
Delicious food and fun ambience
take heed because the protions are HUGE - definitely shareable - though very reasonably priced
The signature blue margarita was delicious, the staff was great - I can't wait to try brunch!
We were visiting from San Francisco, and not wanting to go to the generic, touristy restaurants
Agave proved to be a fabulous starter to our NYC vacation! The hostess was very accommodating-we had arrived early for our reservation and she seated us right away-and the waitstaff was friendly
The fresh guac, calamani cracklins and Beef Machaca Enchiladas are a CAN'T MISS!! Lobster quesadilla and Sopapillas were good but not great, but everything else we tried was superb
Food was served very promptly, but our wait for drinks was surprisingly long
Overall, though, we'll definitely be back - great little grotto atmostphere and a good-looking, diverse crowd
Eight of us went to Agave for a birthday celebration
All of us were late as usual! They saved our table, were understanding, and the host made us feel comfortable and took care of us immediately
The food was incredible
we ordered Apps and quesadillas and shared which was the perfect amount of food
The drinks were creative and well-priced
The waitstaff was great, especially the bus people who kept things moving and made sure that dishes were removed quickly once done
Overall, one of the most pleasant dining experiences I've had in NY with a group!
This place has delicious food and margaritas
The grilled asparagus and sauted spinach as sides were amazing
We had the mahi-mahi and lobster soft tacos, which were very tasty and plentiful
The wait staff is very attentive, refilling water, checking on your chips/dips to be refilled
Very polite
One drawback is that you are sitting on top of the person next to you, so your conversation is not quiet
The people next to us were eating the salmon and the ribs and they said they were both delicious, they had empty plates to they must have been good!
I'm a NYC teacher and I brought my friend to Agave to celebrate her birthday
Excellent choice! Great food, HUGE incredible margaritas and the friendliest service--- especially Mark, who has us laughing all night! Definitely recommend!
Service , food and drinks were all great
I suggest trying the lobster and corn tacos
Ritas were a bit small but otherwise a fine meal at a fine price
Will certainly go back again
Agave is the best deal in town
Dinner with 7 friends turned out to be the most enjoyable night we had in long time
The food is the star but the ambiance and service are an equal match
Three courses and many varieties of potent margaritas later we were pleasantly surprised to realize it would be a most affordable evening as well as enjoyable one
Kudos to AGAVE
Be back next week
We were a party of 8 for a Saturday
I must say that while our server was very helpful and friendly the host should consider a new career
There is a good way and a bad way to treat your customers when you do not have their reservations ready for 30 minutes
He chose the latter
I must admit, it set the tone
As for the food, it was fine
if a bit average
Basic southwestern fare that is found at many places in the city
For the true Mexican fans, I must recommend (if you are adventurous) to venture into Sunset Park, Brooklyn
I mean, at least the hosts dance with you there!!!
the food and space are both great
it's a big restaurant so you don't feel like you're on top of people
the portions are pretty big - so appetizers and drinks are great if you're eating out on a budget
Agave has the most authentic southwestern food I've ever tasted! Lobster and corn tacos-yum yum! The margeritas are so delicious I couldn't stop
Who would've thought that fresh prickly pear juice is sooooo good? Did I mention the food? I can't wait to go back and try something else
If you're looking for something way better than your average Mexican food- This is the place!
The Blue Corn Enchiladas were very tasty
Very generous portions
Went this past Friday night and all I can say is that Agave knows how to treat their customers
We were seated quickly at a great table and our waitress was incredibly friendly and helpful about the menu
The food was some of the best Southwestern food I've ever had and everyone with me agreed that the food was primo
I think the drinks might be a little weak, but then again I just might have a drinking problem (kidding)
I will be back again and if they're as good as this last time, I'll become a regular
Just great!
This is one of the best brunches for your money
The food is incredible and the chips and dip they give you is a great beginner without being overwhelming
I will go back again and again
Good Southwestern Food! The place had a visual punch in the ambiance department and surprised everyone in my party for dinner last Monday
Service was prompt and attentive
Peach Margarita was recommended but it was the watery kind and didn't care much for it
The food was a success as great raves were had for the grilled corn and Maine Lobster enchilada
I had the Black Angus filet and the sauce went well
For desert my molten Lava cake melted me into submission
We were all happy in the candlelit cocoon of this place and the food hit the spot
A real gem on Seventh Ave
row
I had a reservation for 12 for my birthday
They were very courteous to us, especially considering that it took over an hour for all to arrive
The food was great and reasonably priced, but the service was pretty bad
We never got some of our (fairly expensive) drinks and they were slow to deliver, but what we did get we thoroughly enjoyed
I'd easily go again
It also got pretty loud but then again, so did we!
get a drink at the bar or sit down for dinner
My boyfriend and i love this place the food is great and the drinks are the best
the staff are friendly
Great dining experience if you are on a casual date
The service was prompt, the drinks were cold and the food was relatively good and inexpensive
The serving portions of salse to start your meal are extremely small (more salsa por favor)
This location has changed at least 3 times and has been the site of 3 of my favorite places to eat in NYC! The fourth certainly does not disapoint! Wonderful drinks, some of the best and innovative Southwestern/Mexican dishes I have ever tasted and great friendly service! All this in a beautiful relaxed setting! What more can you ask for? Thanks, Agave for becoming one of my new favorites! I hope 4 is a charm
I want you guys to stay!
Once again I have to rate this restuarant
I now have sampled their new summer menu and brunch and can safely say it still holds up to my expectations
Tasty new creations for summer and the blue margauritas are the buisness
Sitting outside (weather permitting) or in the atrium maintains the cosy ambience of the plase and the staff remain as friendly as ever
I highly recommend AGAVE for a night with your friends or with that special someone!!!
4 shots of tequila and food to boot
Still hungover and full
