and after all of this the waitress gives ME attitude! don't bother, its not worth it
This is a great place - the food is reasonably priced as are the drinks and the decor is interesting! The staff are friendly and helpful without being snooty
The menu is varied, but most dishes seem to be deep fried or quite oily; not great for those watching their figure! Overall it's definitely worth a visit and we will go back soon
Live in the neighborhood and have been quite a few times
The food has been decent but not always good
Went over the weekend with a large group on a busy night and everything was perfect
They either must have a new chef
Will be back again more!!!   Might just be my new favorite neighborhood spot
Went with a few friends after work one night
Upon arriving at around 7
30, the place was empty, which was kind of disappointing, but, soon the place started filling up
Dinner was a nice surprise, with decent food, and freebies such as the star biscuits and hot out of the oven peanut butter cookies for dessert
Menu is very random - something for everyone though
Service was great!
Friendly and laid back service
Good drinks off the menu
Stick to the recommended dishes and you'll be fine
Many, many thanks to the staff at Starfoods for showing me and my party such a great time
I went for my birthday with 4 friends on a very busy Saturday night and was treated like royalty
I'd never heard of Starfoods and did'nt expect such thoughtful service and excellent food
I suspect I'll be hearing alot about Starfoods in the future
have been to Starfoods twice now - once for dinner and once for brunch - and both times were awesome! the wait staff was very attentive and friendly, the star biscuits are an amazing way to start the day
and the atmosphere and music is great
defintely a perfect place to start off a night on the town
or a great way to deal with a hangover!
The staff at Starfoods was so sweet and accomodating to me and my party last Saturday
The food was excellent and the waiters were super sweet
Went for a friends birthday with 6 friends and were treated like royalty
Starfoods success is certain
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Went with a party of 9 for a birthday, had an awesome time! Cute waitstaff, fun environment, great food, and inexpensive! I will recommend this place! The kitchen forgot one person's entree, they not only gave it to us for free, dessert was on the house as well! Thanks for an awesome time!
the coolest restaurant in nyc now! staff is hot! and music is so good!
Open lofty dining space, divine food, a sleek bar, super friendly staff great music
Who doesn't love complimentary fresh-baked, star-shaped biscuits! Make sure to indulge in the grilled cheese tomato soup, iceburg blue cheese salad, chocolate mousse, kir royales 'big red' sangria
Perfect for brunch or late night dinner
5 stars in all regards!
Two words: Good stuff
Two more: Hot staff  Creative menu that works (for a change
) and an atmosphere that is totally unassuming
Staff was helpful in choosing a French sausage (there are countless varieties
who knew?) and made great recommendations that weren't the most expensive thing on menu
Great place to dine before heading out into the surrounding neighborhood, which is equally as cool
I went to Starfoods on a very busy Saturday and had a blast
It's a very unusual place but so tasty and tasteful
I haven't had this much fun in a restaurant in a long time
Just go and you'll see what I mean
Good job Starfoods!
really good dinner
and cheap too
great music and really hot staff!! Unbelievable wines, too
My new favorite restaurant in New York - scrumptious food, even yummier waiters, great music, awesome decor - I love it!
Kind of a pain to get to by train but once there, its a great place to eat well thought out food and hang out for a long time
great food, amazing fun
I had the best time at Starfoods
It is hot, hot, hot
Such good music and fantastic home cooked meals
a true original
Ate here once in early Dec and had a great dinner
So made a reservation for 15 people for a bday party week before Xmas
Changed reservation to 20 at last minute
Were a pretty demanding group - lots of drinks food served to 20 people over our 3-hour stay, and everyone agreed this restaurant kicked ass! Top favs were - bloody marys with mini beer backs, calamari, crab cakes salads, the fish wrapped in bacon
Chicken and dumplings were fantastic
Staff was helpful and very friendly, great music, we loved the atmosphere, and INEXPENSIVE
This group of NYC old-schoolers left very happy
I went in expecting a highly designed place, considering what was there before it and that the street has become a sort of restaurant row for the Lower East Side, but I was struck by how remarkably relaxed it is
Attention has been paid to the details, but it serves to make the place fun and hip, not restrictive
The food was great
I grew up in Texas and Alabama, so I know chicken fried steak, and their's was great
Shrimp and grits
great idea and tasted good too
The service was so pleasant and attractive
All in all, a good time
Finally a NY place that does not take itself too seriously except when it comes to food and service
I have been to Starfoods several times and LOVE it! The food is delicious and FUN! Perfect for any kind of hunger you are in the mood for, from trashy to elegant
The decor is awsome, full of details and humour
Go there! I'll probably be at the bar sipping a cram soda martini
(by the way, it's really CHEAP!
I took my parents to Starfoods on a friends recommendation and was a little hesitant when we walked in
My parents can be very difficult and the place was packed with a lot of trendy young people
Not my parents crowd
The hostess was super sweet and all night they were seeing that we were happy
It was such a great evening
The rabbit with grits was to die for and my dad said his chicken fried steak was better than his (not true, because my dad's is the best!!) Thank you Starfoods for a truly enchanting evening
Pretty cool spot
Loved the music and the waiters were super cool
Check out the shirts!! Food was good too
All I had was grilled cheese
They serve it with tomato soup
Hit the spot late at night
I stopped in after work, around 2:oo a
m
, and was suprised to see this place open with good rock music , and even better food
The Chicken Fried Steak was ridiculously good and the bar was warm and comfy
Crowd was fun too
Evidentely they now have good parties on Thursday, We shall see


!!!
great southern brunch
never heard of Starfoods but wandered in one Sunday to a down home southern style brunch including biscuits and pecan pancakes
