I would definitely recommend this place to everyone! Regardless if you love latin food or not! GO!! You're gonna love it!
We went on a Friday night, reservations were for 4 and our table was waiting for us
The Pros? Food was incredible, service was decent and the sangria was delicious (best I've had yet)
Cons? Dessert and space
We had the pastel Tres Leches and the Flan con Coco Rallado
Desserts were not good
Rather, awful
They tasted like they had been in the freezer for ages
Not fresh at all
The place is really tiny
I would say a party of anything other than 4-6, would fill up the restaurant half way
Regardless, it was a pleasurable experience overall
I love NY and, man, I love this place
Went to celebrate with my wife our wedding anniversary, and came back to this marvellous restaurant
We ordered paella, and man, it seems as we were in Spain, delicious and well preparede!!
We enjoyed dinner very much, and we accompanied meal with Sangria, and it was really cool
We can't wait to come back to this place, excellent ambiance and service, go and see it for yourself!!, you won't be dissapointed
What a time we had
It was my parents 5oth wedding anniversary
So my sisters and I decided to throw a small party of 12 for them
They married in Cuba and we felt such a great vibe with the food and service before that we returned with the family
The joy on my parents face when they had their favorite dishes
I wish I could capture that moment when they looked into each other eyes and spoke about how glad they were to be there
I have to thank our waiter,host and hostess for being so accomodating
My parents are so picky about food and service
You see my parents had a cuban restaurant back in Cuba before they left Cuba
So once again Thank U,Thank U and Thank U
I enjoy the most beautiful Cuban night , romantic music, nice food and excellent service
I tried to reserve a party of 14 with Havana Village and the reservationist was the rudest woman i've ever spoken to
They are not very accomodating to patrons making reservations
Our original reservation was for 7:30 and they called to tell us that we could only stay there until 9 and would ask us to leave for the next party
Then i called to add more people on the reservation and they told me no
They are not very accomadating to big parties
I would recommend going with 2 people
Don't try to talk to the female receptionist
She won't help you at all!!!!
Small space but worth going
The food was so flavorful and the waiter was so helpful at helping us figure out what we wanted on the menu
The desserts were NOT good but that was okay since the entrees and appetizers were excellent
This place is great - the service is awesome, the food is wonderful and the portions are huge
Plus there's live music sometimes too
I highly recommend!
A Coool Restaurant I Went with my girlfriend for a night out, and some friends suggested me a very nice Cuban restaurant in NYC
Boy, were they right!!
I was promptly seated, and ordered Mariscos Baradero for appetizer, they were delicious!!, no wonder the place was packed, this kinda food is hard to find here in NY!!
I had a Paella Valenciana (I have a lotta friends back in Valencia), and yes, it tasted like heaven
I'll be back again to this marvellous place, the service, the music, the ambience is worth visiting many, many times, check it out!!!
What a great restaurant! Friendly staff (some nights they are a little rushed since the restaurant is small and popular!) Great ambience
a little too cozy for large groups but absolutely lovely for a nice Cuban meal
When the weather permits, the jardin opens up to a lit patio which makes it perfect to eat and sip your sangria which might I add is the best!
I've been to Havana Village several times, and I keep coming back, can't help it!!, this is not another restaurant, this is THE RESTAURANT!!
You've gotta taste the Lechon Asado al Estilo de La Floridita, and you will see what I mean, it's not your average restaurant, it's the best not only in New York City, but I guess in the U
S
, you bet!! Service and drinks are superb, so if you're looking for an excellent restaurant, this is the place
I've been to Havana Village several times, and I keep coming back, can't help it!!, this is not another restaurant, this is THE RESTAURANT!!
You've gotta taste the Lechon Asado al Estilo de La Floridita, and you will see what I mean, it's not your average restaurant, it's the best not only in New York City, but I guess in the U
S
, you bet!! Service and drinks are superb, so if you're looking for an excellent restaurant, this is the place
I was eager to try Magnifico after passing by and reviewing the menu
The restaurant is cozy and colored with art, courtesy of the local gallaries
I ordered the calamari for dinner
It was tasty, tender, garlic-laden and spectacular! My husband ordered the seafood ravioli
so fresh and delicious! The restaurand just started serving brunch, I can't wait! It is truly a neighborhood gem!
we live nearby and unfortunately just tried magnifico for the first time a few days ago
what were we waiting for? the food was excellent from the salads to the pastas to the fish
the server made an excellent wine recommendation and we thoroughly enjoyed our entire meal
we've been there twice now and will now be regulars
the decor could be a bit better, and if there was a small bar the overall atmosphere would be a bit more inviting (especially for regulars)
hint, hint
We'd been eyeing this restaurant for weeks, and were excited to try it
Imagine our disappointment, when my Lasagna was served warm on the outside and cold on the inside
I had to send it back, twice; the wait staff did not apologize, and worse, the manager basically said I was lying
I eventually got a different dish; it was good, but I'll never try this restaurant again
It was not the mistake of the frozen lasagna, it was the icy service of the manager which has spoiled this restaurant for me
I would recommend that you try some place else for cozy Italian in Chelsea
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back! Exquisitely prepared classics seductive adaptations of contemporary cuisine
I thought I'd died gone to heaven with the home-made onion focaccia; I revived with two appealing appetizers (the bresaole was divine) then Smoked Duck Ravioli that almost made me weep followed by delicious Salmon in a mUstard pink peppercorn sauce
The home-made sorbets (try the mandarin orange) to die for! Apple pinenut cake is a MUST!
I dream of the hand made beet, goat cheese, arugula gnocchi (and I hate beets)
I dream of the rabbit with olives and secret spices I can't define, but adore
I dream of the tender and flavorful grilled octopus appetizer that takes octopus to a new level
I dream of the dozen or more daily specials which, coupled with the menu itself, make Magnifico one of the most exciting, approachable Italian restaurants in NYC
my husband and I take all of our out of town guests to dine at Magnifico because the food, service and price are MAGNIFICO
on more than several occasions, guests have said it was one of the best meals of their lives
I've never written a review before
all I know is
I love fabulous food
and I dream of Magnifico
Adolfo does a wonderful job in this new Chesea hot spot
The food is authentic, local Italian -- not American-Italian
You will feel like family at this place
great food, affordable, awesome people
The Scene While others line up at New Green Bo and Shanghai Cuisine (both also on Bayard Street), those who know head here
The interior's not much to look at, but the soup dumplings are engrossing enough that it doesn't matter
Lunchtime gets particularly busy, with deals luring staffers from downtown courthouses and office buildings
The Food The helpful waitstaff will happily steer you through the lengthy menu
The crab and pork soup dumplings (also called juicy buns) are the most popular, although those filled with sweet pea shoots offer a refreshing alternative
Other dishes, however, seem toned down for Western palates
The jumbo shrimp with chili sauce lacks the requisite zing, and the only real flavor in the roast chicken Northern style comes from the odd Szechuan peppercorn
Desserts are surprisingly good, especially the Eight Jewel sweet rice with a creamy red bean paste core
