I made reservations i suggest others do the same
just off busy flat bush avenue is this well decorated quaint but hip spot
the color and the shape of everything insides adds such a  delicate air to the ambience
The drinks tropical and fresh,  the service impecable and delightfully caribbean
many are turned off from spicy creole caribbean cuisine i took three american friends and they enjoyed the array of spices and meat
We all left with full bellies and a filled mind from finding such a romantic spot with great food, and massive potential for growth  10/10
I enjoyed the Shrimp Rasta Pasta, Chicken Roti and a Mango mojito
Which was all very good
The service was terrible,and the staff needs alot of work
They weren't rude, they just didnt seemed clueless
I would still go back to this place for the food, atmosphere and creative menu
The place is very cozy and the tables dont turn over often, so Definitely make reservations!
really cool place to go
the food is excellent
great drinks
really hip
attractive staff!
If you are adventurous with your spirits, then you must try the Sorrell Martini, with the Jerk chicken wings (get plenty of water) and the Mango Chow
It's a little tiny, but cozy
WARNING
Do Not Go to this place
We waited 1hr to get seated,plus 10mins goes by I had to flag the hostess down to find out who our waiter was
We sat there for 25mins before we got a even a glass of water!!!! 35mins at the table still NO SIGN of our water or even so much as a biscuit on the table
The IDIOT WAITOR comes back 45mins LATER w/my friend's food while me and my other friend are still waiting for ANOTHER 10 mins!!! I couldn't enjoy the food
i was TOO ANGRY, that you could of given me a HOT BOWL OF NOTHING IT WOULD STILL TASTES JUST AS GOOD!! Then the manager had the NERVE to say he was short staff there was NOTHING HE COULD DO!! YOU WOULD BE BETTER OFF AT APPLEBEE'S AND GET BETTER SERVICE
Went to Sugarcane last night with three other guests
The food was great, but talk about the worst service! My food came first
5 minutes later, one of the three guests got their order
TWENTY MINUTES LATER (I kid you not!!) another one of my guests received her order, and then TEN MINUTES LATER (ain't that ridiculous??), my last guest got her order
By the time the last guest got her food, we were all done
To the manangement at Sugarcane
PLEASE GET YOUR ACT (AND FOOD ORDERS) TOGETHER!!! That was the worst I've ever experienced!!
Always heard of this place
Went on a Fri nite
IT WAS PACKED!!! Food is definitely worth it
I work in food customer service so I can tell u that the staff needs work! Drinks were on point
Ive read all the callaloo ratings I must say it was good BUT I can make better! Kewl for girls' nite out BUT very small
DEFINITELY make reservations! The appetizer plate was off the hook! Calypso steak was cooked to perfection! This is for sure what Brooklyn needed
Drawback: MUSIC TOO LOUD! By the way the cilantro sauce is actually the VERY PUNGENT chadon beni !
I went here last night with a friend of mine and my hopes to catch up with what was going on with him were dashed when we entered the restaurant and were assaulted by music turned up way, way too high!! The waitresses and the diners have to scream at one another to give an order
The service was very so-so
It took a while to get waited on
We ordered wine with our meal, and after asking for it 3 times, it finally came when we were almost done eating
The upside is that the food is delicious! I had plantain covered red snapper and the Caribean version of collard greens which reviewers had mentioned before--wonderful
If they would JUST TURN DOWN THE MUSIC A LITTLE BIT, the ambience would be very pleasant
Don't go here if you want a nice conversation
The food is great, though
I had the honey glazed ribs and Calaloo, which is made Trinidadian style (a soup form and spicy)
You can go for food or drinks, both are good
Well the drinks are
depending on who mixes
The weekends can be crowded
The steel/aluminum table-top for the bar makes the decor very chic and modern
Music is always great- West Indian, soul, or r b
Attractive crowd
Nice date spot or fine for a night out with the girls
$60 price point for dinner + drink + desert for 2
Getting in took longer than I expected on a Wednesday Night but that just means the place is doing well
Once I got in the music was a little loud though
The waitress was very basic nothing extra and she never checked on us once we got our food
I have to say that the food was fantastic, I highly recomment this place
I went to Sugarcane on a Friday night
This was my first experience with a caribbean restaurant, and it was great
The food was delicious and our waitress was very helpful and attentive
Our drinks were on point, not too strong but not too weak
If you decide to go on a weekend, I would suggest making reservations
This place was great
On Tuesday nights, select drinks are $4 for women at the bar
The bartender was very considerate, asking whether I wanted my mojito sweet or not so sweet
The drinks were just right, not too strong, and definitely not weak
The food was incredibly good, although I don't know carribean food very well, it was spicy, flavorful and refreshing
The music was loud, but not too bad, and the atmosphere was friendly
I highly recommend this place
Although I was with my girlfriends, it was very romantic with a sleek design and great drinks and food
I went here on a date and really enjoyed it
We made reservations for 6pm on Friday and it was not necessary BUT the place got packed really quick around 7-8pm
The waiter was nice and friendly and did not rush us at all
The size is just right, not to large not too small, it's very modern, sophisticated and romantic
The food was great I had the salmon and my friend had the snapper
You get a choice of two sides
I highly recommend the callaloo
All and all it's a great spot, I will definitely be back again
I don't drink so I can't comment on the bar or drinks
this is a really cool place
good food
good music
friendly staff
will be back
Being Trinidadian, my expectations of this restaurant were very high
and they met all of them! The food is finger-licking good and are definitely authentic, from callaloo that tastes like your mother's and bake and shark that reminds you of Maracas Beach
All that's missing from home is a little rum cake for dessert!
The food is to die for the drinks are very exotic (no holding back on the liquor) and the atmosphere reminds me of Guyana
The service is great, the waiters are very attentive and accomodating
The ambiance tastefully highlights the Trinidad Tobago culture it is truly done in Manhattan style
The food's presentation as well as taste was superb
One must have a reservation for this hot spot
I will return for seconds!
Sugar Cane has amazing food and the atmospehere is very classy and Manhattan-style
The service was rather poor, where one waitress and receptionist showed attitude, and repeatedly I was served the wrong drink, but overall the experience is great
Suggestion: arrive somewhat early, it seems to be a place where people eat dinner, and then keep their table for drinks
