Having been to almost every Cuban restaurant in New York city; I found Agozar to be the most expensive and least authentic in the City
The mojito pitchers were a poor excuse for this classic rum based drink and the food was grossly overpriced
Think twice before you go here
I would definately recomend this spot! The food has a contemporary take on classic cuban recipe's
prepared just like abuelita would! Trust me I should know
I am cuban
Check this place out, its da bomb!!
We were so impressed with Agozar
Great food, right-sized appetizer and large portion entrees
The entree was unbelievable, pork chop was cooked to perfection and the best Fufu I've ever had
The mojitoes are out of this world and worth the $9
Service was wonderful, friendly and attentive
Chef stopped by the table too, which was a surprise and also impressive
Live music was a nice touch too, very festive
Highly recommend!
The tapas (since when did this word become bastardized to mean tiny expensive food, rather than Spanish bar snacks?) are just as others on this site have said- overpriced, unexceptional, and teeny tiny
The decor is tacky, mid-80's looking, and loud
We were lured in by the happy hour special, but even that's not enough to make us go back
This place just seems oddly mismatched with the neighborhood
Good mojitos
and good live music but the tapas were not very good and over priced
it's a good place to go for drinks and they have happy hour
If you like tapas, I suggest you try Xunta
This place was overpriced, not tapa fare at all
Gross salads that aren't easily shared ( at $15 a pop, give me something to rave about), pitiful empanadas and a ceviche that almost made me try, should have been called shrimp cocktail in mayo dressing
Mojitos are ok, but not worth the visit
Oh yea, the desserts were pathetic as well
They need to rework the menu, desperately
Good Eats
Good Peeps
Good Prices
What more can one want
Oh, yeah, Good Mojitos!!
Cool idea, but they trick you with the tapas
you think it's cheap? forget it
With the tiny protions you need at least 3 plates
and this is not real Latin food
so, stay at the bar area and enjoy the music and flavored drinks
they're worth it
first thing's first
it's a tapas bar, people
if you're starving, this isn't the place to be
but me and my friends had a blast! our waiter was incredibly friendly, the ambience was fun, the drinks were good
the food wasn't the best tapas i've had but the experience was worth it nonetheless
I had a dinner for 18 at Agozar last night and they were absolutely fantastic! I pre-chose the menu and they kept the food coming
Service was a tiny bit slow, but he cocktails were flowing, so no one cared
They had great live music and the entire staff and the owners were super friendly and took care of everything
I HIGHLY reccomend it!
Agozar brings you alive the minute you walk in the door
The food is excellent, lots of variety and very tasty
I prefer eating tappas because you get a good variety for your money
They have a well stacked bar
As for the drinks the bartender makes
they are the best
The vibrant colorful atmosphere gives it a friendly touch
Go on a night when they have live music and you'll probably get up late for work the next day!
This place is bad for dinner
Don't go there
It's food isn't that good and if you are hungry don't go there
Go to a deli around the corner or soething the food is better that way
And definately do not go with a group
Bills add up pretty quickly, put food down 10 bucks for a dish that has EXTREMELY small portions, just for tasting
Put drinks on top of the food and you are topping something like 40 bucks
2 dishes 3 or 4 drinks
The food is delicious, though porcion size is smaller than an appetizer
The place is tiny but cute, though the tables are way too small (maybe they go with the porcion size)
Really good music and mojitos, but there was no AC in the bar/lounge area so we were dripping wet!!! (maybe it's a trick so that people drink more???)
Past reviews trashed this lovely bro sis place
The duo are welcoming as is the gracious staff
The food and the drinks are just as good
The prices are all under $17 and START at $4!! That's inexpensive
There are always drink specials and amazing Happy Hours
Please stop trashing the place and come and HAVE A GREAT TIME!
I've been coming to this place, since it first opened in December
I thought it was quaint and charming, when it first opened and the food was just ok, but it was the staff and the atmosphere that really drew me to the place over and over
Now, no one from the original staff is there, the girl bartender that used to greet me has been replaced by rude attitude bartenders and the food is taking 4 times longer to get to the table! What's the point, if the only thing that the place had going for it was the staff?! My advice
Avoid this place like the plague, unless you want to just throw your money away
Went there with some girlfriends and by the end of the night we were all saying that we would never go back
3 out of 4 of us ordered the tapas and one person ordered a regular meal
Slowly the tapas was coming out
And more tapas was coming out
The person who ordered the mail meal just sat there while the rest of us ate
The meal finally came out (cold I should add) and everyone else was done eating
The food was not even that good to wait around for
A bit of me babbling
but I won't be going back
The Bartenders have atttiude! The Host is inept and unable to control the waiting area
The waitress we had seemed annoyed to be working
She never mentioned the specials, the food came all at once and then she proceeded to rush us out
They ran out of black beans and rice and said they could bring the dish to us seperately( of course they then charged us for 2 sides)
A BIG BUST !!
Maybe they're just getting their sea legs
I don't know
But here's what I thought
The margaritas were too tart
The space cramped
The service disorganized(though very nice)
The shrimp ceviche excellent
The empanadas
not so special
