This is sort of a 'hidden gem' and somewhat misplaced on 38th street
I was in town from Chicago for business
This was such a cute little place and the food was reasonably priced and quite tasty
We ordered a bottle of wine and the manager was so welcoming and concerned about our dining experience
We had a very nice time
So after all the great reviews i ventured off to this place and gosh was i dissappointed! a party of 4 and we ordered shrimp cocas, roast pork empanadas,salmon caviche
(all under satisfactory and not worth the price, 9-12$) for main courses we ordered roast pig which was nothing but jerked pork and bbq sauce, smoked steak, which had no flavor what so ever and glazed salmon (best out of all main courses) and the sea bass
DO NOT ORDER the sea bass! it had no flavor and was overpriced! I complained to the manager of the quality of food, which he took off my bill,that didnt mean much since the rest of the food was horrible! Don't bother ordering the desert's! I had the sampler and ackk! I would explain more but yet Citysearch has a word limit! but hear me out! don't bother!!
Yes, the service is amazingly good like everyone else said
So let's see the food: Plantain chips comes w/ 3 different condiments
Each one of them is fresh and different
The lime and onions in the salmon cerviche completely overpowered the delicate flavors of the salmon which you can only chew, but not taste
The trinedad curry shrimps are mighty spicy and intense
We liked it
The roasted pork empanada was the best
The filling was tender and flavorful, and the dough was fried to perfection
We didn't like the jerked chickens at first, thought it was not intense enough, but it grew on us
tre leche was AWESOME
That dessert alone is worth going back for
I made reservation thinking this place would be packed to the rafters
The decor is very nice and the staff is amiable and courteous
The food, however, is a different story
The mofongo was bland and dry
The spanish coccas (spanish pizza) was by far the best thing
IT was jus good stuff
The drinks (mojito and mango margarita) tasted watered down
The seafood ceviche was more liquid that food
I will give this place another try because the staff was so nice
It must have been an off night for the chef
I picked this restaurant from City Search in a hurry for a nite out with 3 of my female friends
I did not read any of the user reviews prior to going there
I have read them now and have to say it's a NICE place
The manager is very nice even when I didn't bother to make reservations he got us a table
We even met the chef at the end of the nite
I loved the Mango Martinis
I would definitely go back!
Loved it! Their prefix meals are a big money saver
This place is not for bland characters, only for those who love the salsa dance on their taste buds
Almost all meals have hot spice in them, but you can wash it down with a mojito! Great place for an afterwork drink
Special priced drinks for the ladies!!! Te veo! (See ya there!)
I went with a friend for lunch
They have a great Lunch Menu
But if your on a budget they have box lunches that are just $9
50
You are guarunteed to be satisfied!
I went here last night to celebrate my birthday and the service and food were impeccable
The manager was so kind that I really felt special in this wonderful little tapas restaurant
The food is also excellent and very different - though the chef is well-known from Patria, Pipa and Chicama
A great place!
The food was good and the service was even better!! The manager is very attentive and the waiters are very sweet
We had some tapas and a salmon entree that were excellent
Try the drinks, they are all good!!
Great place
Read about it from Citysearch and decided to give it a try
Easy to get there, not one of those back-alley spots
The decor is very nice - dim lighting and a good place for the first date
The bar is trendy with soothing lights
Highly Recommend!
I WENT TO THE RESTAURANT AND FOUND IT TO BE EXCEPTIONAL
THE FOOD AND SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT
THE MANAGER WAS ESPECIALLY CORDIAL TO US
HE SEEMED GENUINELY INTERESTED IN US
HE MADE GREAT RECOMMENDATIONS AND TOOK THE TIME TO DESCRIBE THEM
HE MADE A FEW VISITS TO OUR TABLE TO MAKE SURE EVERYTHING WAS WE ORDERED
I WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THIS TO MY CO-WORKERS AND FRIENDS
Some friends and I ducked inside during a recent rainstorm
Great tapas menu (try the chorizo) and drinks (sangria, mojitos, and several *interesting* rum concoctions - take a look at the menu and you'll see what I mean) kept us inside after the rain had stopped
Toward the end of our meal, the manager and an owner dropped by our table to see how we were doing
A nice touch
Conversation-worthy art on the walls; the mgmt can tell you a lot about the artist
Tapas! Plantain is quaint, intimate, and the staff is so friendly you'll be kissing one of the partners as you leave
The food is clean and uncomplicated, yet every dish has an element of surprise
The menu is varied and interesting, and it changes every few weeks! At first I was put off by the coldness of the uncovered, metal tables, but that was quickly melted by the warmth of the staff and the spice of my meal
Great food, nice ambiance and an inviting and helpful staff
It's about time, I've have been waiting for a great restaurant that has all the best from Latin America and the Carribean
P
S
The Chef has a great culinary background, Patria, Chicama, Essex house, etc
This has quickly become my favorite lunch spot, I usually eat at plantain three times per week and love it
The food is an amazing latin-inspired creation by a chef who clearly has a love for food
Lunch is a great value at $10 and dinner is a wonderful experience where the chef's creativity flourishes
The bar is also a truly unique experience in NYC
Homemade red and white sangria, perfect mojitos where they actually use sugarcane and alchohol infused with things like espreso beans and lemongrass
I have only gotten takeout for lunch
The Roti is the best I've had and their fried rice is not greay and flavorful
I love condiments, sauces and different flavors, so here all of my dreams come true
Seeing that people are talking about a bar here, I may have to stop off for a rum punch to go with my shrimp curry
The food is remarkable! The staff is so friendly and homey that the minute you walk in it becomes your favorite restaurant in town
Do not leave with out tasting the yummiest Mojitos in the world
I still think about that drink
HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Dinner isnt expensive
but lunch is a great value
$10 gets you a lunch special which includes various components
The food is great, the service and decor is good
what else can you ask for?  They have great ceviche!
I had dinner here on a whim, and I've never been so impressed! I've been raving about this place to all my friends
FUN, lively atmosphere, unbelievable food (the chef is truly a genius!!), and great drinks
The menu is on the creative side, so those who are shy to try new things, be warned
Entrees are about $20, and definitely worth every penny (the food really is amazing)
