In Short The swank spin-off of Steve Hanson's popular Park Avenue cantina is a Soho hipster haven
The downtown digs look familiar, with a brushed-tin bar leading into a prime people-watching patio, and a booth-lined dining room with high skylights, geometric cut-out screens and antiqued mirrors
The vibe is younger and edgier, but its buzz can be its bane: Diners shout over music, and service can be over-taxed
The Food The upscale Mexican menu wows crowds with innovative ingredients and showy good looks
Mashed-to-order guacamole and hand-rolled tacos, stuffed with grilled jumbo shrimp and served with three incendiary salsas, make fun, shareable starts
Appetizers--earthy huitlacoche-mushroom masa tarts and shrimp seviche in lime-tomatillo emulsion--are well-composed hits
Entrees are more traditional: Manchego rellenos and sticky-sweet chipotle pork ribs are worthy of return visits, but roast chicken mole and enchiladas lack complexity
Hot banana crepes with goat cheese caramel are a must
I had the spicy Guacamole (I tend to like it spicier) and it was quite good! The Skirt Steak was a very perfect medium rare as ordered
The Waiter was great about giving time to relax which is also quite nice! I want to take my Leadership team there and have to try a few of those Taquillas
2 pages of them to choose from! WOW! Would highly recommend to all my friends!
I really enjoyed Dos Caminos
I went with a group of 8
We had a reservation for 9:30, some of us weren't there yet, but they seated the rest of us anyway
Our waitress brought us appetizers and drinks while we waited for the rest of our party
She was really nice
She checked on the status of our guests periodically never being rude or impatient about it
The food was great
I had the Dos Enchiladas (I ate it all) and my friend ordered the Ribeye Steak Alambre- which was amazing
I really liked the rice that came with his meal
I would definitely recommend this place to my friends
The ambiance was okay, the food was below average
I don't mind spending a lot of money if the food is amazing but my group was very disappointed
The hostess was rude, they need to get someone more friendly at the entrance
I have no idea how the 9
2 average rate came about
Went with a group of girls and spent almost 2 hours waiting for a table
Once seated, service was slow
and plus we were starving
Mexican food
not so Mexican if you ask me
Food came cold, portions came lacking and overall not worth the time or money
This place was great, we had appetizers main dishes
everything was great (including the white sangria)
but our server took a very long time - especially when we wanted the bill!! We where tempted to look like we were walking out!!! But overall, would recommend this cool place, just not that server!!
I love Mexican food
With that said, I was really looking forward to Dos Caminos this week and was a bit disappointed with the food
I don't know if it can be considered authentic-the chilean sea bass had more of an italian feel to it and judging from the rest of the menu, it seems infused with many other flavors
The food overall was good, but salty and a bit greasy
The feel of the restaurant was sleek and trendy and very very tight
I was literally a foot away from the person sitting next to me!! It was too close for comfort but if you like a trendy place with good guacamole, go to DC
Just keep in mind it is not cheap for what you get
You may leave hungry
Read the other user reviews--most are not so positive
I have no idea how the average overall score for this place is a 9
2
Usually there is a trade-off when you pay high prices for so-so food (i
e
atttentive service, great atmosphere, etc)
Unfortunately, this is not the case with this restuarant
Expect mediocrity all around
Simply one of the best Mexicana Catina's in the city! Bring some extra cash
,
with the good food and excellent drink menu, you might need it
Come and check out it out! The steak is to die for and they have some of the neatest decorated restuarants in the city
I think they seat outside until November
it is a nice location for outside fun
Ate here with a friend last week and we both loved it
A little pricey, but what isn't these days? The portions were good, and the chopped salad with roasted corn, squash blossoms quesadilla, and sea bass were all heavenly
Definitely a place to eat outside
Inside was nothing to write home about, and they need more bathrooms
Great white sangria with peaches and cantaloupe
Go when the weather allows you to sit outside
I went with a friend to celebrate my birthday
We were seated immediately
Thats where the fun came to an end
It took forever for our waitress to finally take our order, and when she did, she was rude
The $12 guacamole could have used more lime
I had the shrimp way too salty
My friend had the snapper, upon recommendations of the rude waitress, which was bland and did not look appetizing
I did not want to leave a tip that was how dissatisfied I was
I have NEVER wanted to that
Trust me spend your time and money elsewhere
its amazing!! they don't lie when they say this is what they are known for
the weekend brunch is quite amazing as well - eggs with mexican food, such an interesting combination and made so well!
Recently went on a friend's recommendation and was quickly disappointed
We had a reservation for 3 and 2 os us arrived a few minutes early and requested to be seated to which the hostess responded all 3 of you need to be here so we can seat you
The table on the patio was near the bus station and we had to dust off the soot and debris from our plates and silverware
The server was not very friendly and seemed very pressured to put our order into the kitchen very shortlyl after we were seated
If you are looking to hang around with friends - this is not the place
Considering the prices you would think the service would be on par
Definitely will not return
A trip to Soho is not complete until you have eaten at Dos Caminos Soho
Have a margarita, some guacamole, and some empanadas
The food is amazing!!!
Wow! I went to Dos Caminos with a few coworkers for lunch
It was amazing! Great GUACAMOLE, fun drinks, excellent main courses
And to top things off - our waiter was such a doll! He looked so overwhelmed - (and trust me - he was!)
There was a HUGE group of people in the restaurant, and unfortunately they were understaffed
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing
He was literally running around the entire time! Most people in his situation would just act rude and crabby - but he kept his composure! I am a true fan of Dos Caminos SoHo!
I'm a native of Southern California, so I know good guacamole
This place makes the stuff better than I've had up and down the West Coast -- amazing! Make sure to share an order with at least one person, otherwise you WILL consume the entire thing; and you should save room for the awesome entrees, especially the grilled fish selections -- yum!
The only thing worse than the food was the service
We were served warm beer and when we asked for cold ones the waitress acted like we were prudes
I will drink warm beer but not when they are $8 a piece
I make a point to always clean my plate, but on this occasion it could not be done
I ordered the flank steak and it was truly the most brutal steak I have ever had
When we received the bill is when the true pain began
Not to mention leaving a tip for a rude, lazy, unattractive waitress
