Then the bill came
we were quoted one price and charged a completely different price
When we tried to challenge the bill, we were treated like dirt, there is no other way to put it
Management was rude, aggresive and confrontational
Worst way to end my NYC expereince, now I have to tell all of my friends to not frequent Taj
Very unfortunate
There is nothing negative to say about this restuarant
It makes a great first and lasting impression
The interior is tastefully designed, the menu is imaginative and different from any place else I have eaten for years
The staff were welcoming, friendly and extremely helpful
Check it out - you wont be disappoined
We had a great time
Music and food were excellent
Service was very friendly
When we booked a party, the party manager was so efficient and we felt they were going to look after us well and they did
What a great experience and a great location
I only have good things to say
My honey and I had a blast people watching while nibbling on our dinner at this place
Funny that the last reviewer was there the same night we were and our experience was much more positive
Really liked the food and the management was very friendly
Ambiance was great, very cool
This place has great ambience
Great place to chill out after a hrad days work!! Definitely recommend this place
One of worst experiences I've had at a NYC restaurant
After appetizers, service completely disappeared
Dinner came 1
5 hours after appetizers
No explanations at all
Bus boy actually cleared away our table setting at one point because we were waiting so long
Dinner finally showed - cold
Is this restaurant Indian fusion?? I would have never known - food was totally bland
Finally, after paying a pricey tab we were ushered out side door past 2 huge dumpsters
Perfect ending to a really bad experience! Definitely skip dinner this is not a restaurant! Are the $10+ drinks are worth the money? NO! They are pretty watered down
There are too many restaurants and lounges in NYC to waste your time at this one
Don't get me wrong, the decor is gorgeous
But unless you're rich, pretentious and anorexic, it's not worth it
My boyfriend and I went there this weekend for our anniversary
We each ordered a cocktail, an appetizer and an entree
While everything tasted fairly good, the portions were insulting
$24 for 6 bite-sized pieces of duck, a little pile of green stuff, and some whitish unidentifiable mashed-up stuff, that looks like it was squeezed out of a tube? After eating a $100 dinner, we were both still hungry
We'd been planning on having dessert, but we decided we didn't want to give these people any more money
Especially not $12 for 2 bites of chocolate souflee
We walked to the village and had each had a crepe for about $5
The crepes were more filling than an entire meal at Taj, and they were delicious!
Definitely one of the most beautiful places in the city
My girlfriends and I were there a couple of Saturdays ago having something late dinner and dancing
Before you know it the place was packed
Everyone there was suprisingly friendly from staff to patrons there
I'll definitely be back again
if you have a few hours to spare, then this place will be fine
the food is excellent
the red snapper and the halibut are both fantastic
the naan is average, but the chutneys served with it are very good
unfortunatley, the service leaves a bad taste in ones mouth
not only did we not get our 'bombay' fries until after the entire meal, but we then had to wait nearly an hour for our inattentive waiter to bring our check, and only after we flagged him down
overall, worth checking out for the food, but be prepared to be ignored
Did a quick citysearch for this gem
Although it was rather quiet due to a NYC blizzard, I had a very pleasant experience
We were charmed by the well informed and engaging bartender and wonderfully spoiled by the waitstaff but still left to ourselves to enjoy the meal, without too much fuss
Kudos! And the cocktails were amazing!  Great for dates as there are some wonderfully romantic nooks where one is seated side by side
Had My Send-Off Party at TAJ last night and was totally impressed-- Trendy Spot with no pretention!! My friends thought I was lame, but I asked what CD was playing
We already thought Josh the bartender was too cute, but he was also happy and charming and introduced us to the manager who went and faded the music to something else to get a title for little old me
Cucumber martinis are awsome, but beware for the mornig after
Rude bartender -got 2 drinks for $14 and bartender assumed the $6 change was his to keep! I then specifically asked for my change -much to his surprise and gave him ZERO
He then tried to do it to someone else in our party
Okay waitservice
Okay food
The food is great, the drinks are tasty, and best of all you can hang out afterwards at the bar for a guaranteed good time
Great place for a date or to go with big parties
A must see in NY
a thursday night happy hour turned into a feast extraordinaire! the girls and i met for drinks and a snacks
and were planning to go to dinner after drinks somewhere else
After a plate of the delicious fries they had we decided to have dinner
THE FOOD WAS OUTSTANDING!
a total surprise
way to go taj! we'll be back for sure!
love the food and drinks at Taj! my friends and I had a fantastic time - got there for a dinner and stayed for drinks and music
the crowd was cool, too
It seemed like they have a very tough door policy - so the best thing is to come early to eat and then stay for the late night scene
i joined a friend for a dinner there and i could not believe how amazing the food was! We shared shrimp cocktail for app
(so fresh!) and we got lamb and halibut as main courses
Halibut with coconut broth is excellent!
My friends and I heard a great deal about this place and tried it out
the decor and ambience when you first walk in is breathtaking
we were greeted by a gracious tall hostess/mngr
and were escorted to a plush corner booth on a busy night (wed)
Our server was great but our meal was even better! the food was impressive and we all eat out every night and were blown away
several cocktails(which were also amazing) into out dinner
the vibe starting getting a little livelier and the bar scene grew
can;t say enough aboutnthis place except we loved
will become a regular haunt!
Taj is the perfect lounge for a sexy date
The crowd is very trendy and chic, the service is amazing and so are their martinis
you must try to signature bodina martini, which my date and I just loved
The food is delicious, and it's just impossible to sit after the music starts playing
All in all, Taj is the perfect place to meet friends for a drink, or have a sexy date
The food, the drinks, and the music and dancing are just fantabulous!!!
My wife took me here for my birthday and the food was really nice
It wasn't very crowded (Sat night 8:30pm) and the food arrived promptly
The decor is really something as well, the service, well I guess I could say it's average
