I had a hot stone bowl, and it was truly delicious
Korean Temple, you've got my vote!
My favorite place to eat
The service is wonderful
I real treat!
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food
just try it once!
I had the dolsot bibimbap, which is rice mixed with vegetables and such, served in a hot stone bowl
I also had boojigae, which is the Korean pancakes
Wow, really nice food! Almost as good as Koreatown, but with much better atmosphere
It is very small (it looks like a big closet) and it is difficult to squeeze in and out of seats, but otherwise, great atmosphere
i have heard so much about this restaurant and i have passed by there so many times and today, i finally got to try it and you know what you must try this restaurant
the atmosphere is very eye catching but you have to experience the whole dining ang wining or else, you will never know
it was absolutely fabulous and wonderful
it is very korean yet it provides the other necessities such as beautiful atmosphere, the service and everything else that other korean restaurants lack
and those pancakes are crazy delicious!!!
i have been to a lot of korean restaurants in new york
you name it i have been there
but this place really has everything
service was excellent by the way
the owner was very friendly(and hot!!!) wait staffs were very well trained
most importantly food was so fresh and DELICIOUS!! this restaurant was reallly colorful and soothing
does that make sense
it was really cool
this is really a place to be owesome food, great service, very good music, and lots of good looking people
what more can you ask for
I love this restaurant
It is inexpensive, and great value
Check out their luch special
It is a steal!
as i walked into the restaurant i was suprise with the decor
i have heard a lot about this korean restaurant
it is very colorful and zen
there is something very captivating about this place
small and colorful
i wondered if the food will be so authentic
but it was in fact
excellent
i am spending my time to write this review because i think this place is something cool
i was very pleased with almost everything
i had to wait for a table for 2 for 30min
make your reservation!!!
Recently moved to East Village, and tried this restaurant after my neighbor's recommendation
I must say I am in love with food that they serve
It was great!
This place was a wonderful surprise
Great Korean place to go
I love meat but my boyfriend loves veggies
So I took him here because I heard that they have a great choice of vegetarian dishes, and wow
The food was delicious
This place is perfect for that one night you want to go out and eat something different but not too expensive
Very fresh food, excellent value and great service
The decor is plesant and cozy
Autume Rolls and seafood cassarole were very tasty
Great surprise
I have to say, they need a bigger space
with food this good, this crowded, they need to expand their restaurant
It is traditional, but presentation is beauiful,unlike other korean restaurants
Staff are humorous, and attentive
I had great time, and in my opinion, the restaurant deserves all that write ups that covers their windows
three of my friends and i went to this restaurant on sunday night with no reservation, thinking it won't be so crowded
we were so WRONG! this place is so crowded even on late sunday nite
we waited about 20 min to be seated but when we were walking out of this restaurant we understood why this restaurant is so crowded
Verrry good food, great service ( always of course! , Sure! it was almost as if she didn't know the word No or Can't), great choice of music
i have to say this place is very different experience from other korean restaurants and i definately recommend it
it was a very good experience and i crave their food already
My best friend and I were out to lunch after reading the review on the Village Voice
We went around 1:30 pm, and the place was so busy that we had to wait for 5 minutes
The food was so wonderful and delicious, not only that we received nothing but stellar service
If I have to wait next time, I would gladly
Oh man, I cant wait!!!!!!!!
I've not had korean food outside of K-town
This little restaurant is an east-villagized verson of korean restaurants
The restaurant is tiny, tranquil and Zen
Food is definitely decent (I don't think it's as good as the ones in K-town)
Service is personable
Overall, I would say it's a different Korean dining experience in town, more intimate and less hustle-bustle
We were able to get out of the restaurant w/o smelling like Korean bbq
my friends and i became a huge fan of this little korean restaurant temple
it was smaller than i expected it to be but this place is beautiful, romantic, and very very delicious
if you are craving great korean food with beautiful atmosphere, temple is definately recommanded! and i have to say the owners are seriously hot!!
Passed by this cute restaurant numerous times before I finally walked in one day
First of all, prices were great
Am I in NYC? Secondly, service was unbelievable
Again, am I in NYC? The owner who also staffs the dining room was more than helpful in choosing the perfect dish for my appetite
Since then I dine @ KTC several times a month
Although, I would recommend that you make a reservation, if for dinner since it gets crowded
It does get crowded but hey, who wants to dine @ an emtpy restaurant on a Friday night? Plus, my favorites (kujolpan, bulgoki dukboki, miso stew, vermicelli delight, kalbi, seafood casserole, and the dolsot's) makes the wait worthwhile
I've gone 3 times and last week, I decided to have my birthday party there on Monday
It was a pleasant experience
It was 16 of us, and the manager made it very private, and wonderful
What a great restaurant! Thanks everyone at Temple!!!
Not only the food, but the service could not be better
Eventhough the space is tiny, it actually is cute and comfortable
The food is the best Korean I have had
The owner is very nice and will go out of her way to make sure you have an enjoyable experience
Try it out!!
My Korean girlfriend and I ate here a few months ago after reading the NYT review
We were very impressed
