Beats the river cafe hands down
The food is plentiful, original and out of this world! I'm a huge fan of mussels and these are by far the best Ive tried
Crab cake- Oh my god! The wine selection, by both glass and bottle are exceptional
This place is welcoming to those who want a romantic night out or to those who want to bring the whole family
No matter what borough you're in, this place is a MUST, MUST, MUST!!!!
Unless you sit in the backyard the views are horrible (you can see the on ramp to the brooklyn queens expressway all night)
The food is small in portions, and the servers were horrible
You're really treated as if you are being rushed out, and the food was really nothing to die for
Plenty of other nice places in dumbo, i would skip out on this one
This small eatery on Front Street has a secret and beautiful little garden in the back
The garden is heated by gas lamps if there is a chill in the evening and the food is sublime
The food came perfectly done
With lots of yummy veal demi-glace and the dessert sundae was very nice
the pots de creme dessert was also very pleasant
Out appetizer of short rib dumplings was incredibly delicious
Our waitress (Christine) was great also
Excellent
Pleasant atmosphere
Service was a tad spotty, but the food was VERY good and the noise never detracted from the dining experience
There is a large outside dining area
Wonderful, now that the weather had finally turned
And please, try the short rib dumplings!
Just like the intro song of the TV show Cheers, Five Front is a place where they know your name
I have been there many times as a neighborhood resident and have had many outstanding meals
I cannot wait to vicit the remodeled outdoor garden once the weather gets warmer
I love the salmon sandwich
It has become a diet staple for me!
Brooklyn Heights/DUMBO needs more restaurants like Five Front
I've been there twice--the first time my companion and I were shocked by how good the good was
I had the best crab bisque of my life, and a pork tenderloin stuffed with sausage and stuffing topped with salsa and capers that was delicious
The mushroom ravioli is also first rate
Deserts are fabulous
On the second visit was a slight let down
The sea bass was dull, and my companion, a vegetarian, was forced to have the mushroom ravioli again
Suggestions to owners: more choices for vegetarians and improve your wines by the glass
Otherwise, it's one of Brooklyn's best
Had an impromptu dinner here, after an unpleasant experience at Alias in Manhattan
Five Front displayed the true spririt of what dining in NYC should be
Greta, the bartender was extremely helpful with our wine choice and the manager was as pleasant
The food was exceptional
Will definitely tell our friends about this gem in DUMBO
awesome bagels, great value, I'm hooked
Coffee is OK but the bagels are where it's at
This place has got great sushi
The chefs are very sophisticated and definately recommend some great dishes and fishes
It has beautiful decor, very modern and chic
Definately recommended
Aside from having three fun and tasteful atmospheres, the service here is great
The waiters really seem to care about what I want and the food is just AMAZING
The Mojitos are the best I've had!! I went there just last week with three of my friends and we had a GREAT time! Mission 05 is definately the appetizer to get! And if it is open, sit at the Patio, its so beautiful and traditional! This is definately the place to be in all of Bay Ridge!!!
What a great spot
Very trendy decor
Sushi is amazingly fresh and creative
Interesting menu and also great cocktail selection
Discovered this place by accident and I sure will be back
Was in BayRidge and remembered going for sushi at Bamboo which used to be there before, but Nouvelle is 10 times better
Its very hard to find a great Asian-Fusion place that is easy on a wallet
Google nouvellerestaurant for their site and menu
The only downside is that waiters appear to be not very experienced
Hopefully that will improve
great place, food is amazing!!! very highly recommend! steak was soooo good, and mission 05 (appetizers) was amazing!!
The food at Bamboo is delicious! I had the Dynamite Roll and it melts in your mouth! The service has improved 100%!! The food at bamboo is becoming fusion, and it tastes like nothing I've tasted before! The presenations are so geogeous that its a shame that you have to bring it down and eat it! Definitely the best sushi place I've been to!
Bamboo is AWESOME! Don't be fooled by the outside of this place
the inside decor is tasteful and not tacky or lacking and the staff is great
My boyfriend and I eat here EVERY week, we just can't get enough of the food
The special rolls are amazing - the snow white roll melts in your mouth
If you're not in the mood for sushi, have one of their flavorful thai dishes
Finally!! Bay Ridge is getting hip to Manhattan's Asian-fusion fad
except with one BIG difference and that is $$
Bamboo is affordable food with great ambiance without the manhattan price tag
Also check out the mixed drinks -- the selection is quite imaginative
I would absolutely recommend going to Bamboo
This sushi is amazing ! The Sushi here is Awesome ! Definitely worth the trip! Try the tuna lovers roll its amazing, it seems to melt in your mouth
The Bamboo roll is also amazing
I took my friend who has hardly even seen sushi before let alone eaten it he loved it ! He is now addicted thanks to Bamboo ! The lounge area downstairs is nicer to eat, with booths dim lighting, however they should turn off the big screen tv, if i wanted to watch tv whille i ate i would have ordered take out other than that a truly amazing sushi experience
Whether it's sitting in the romantic lounge downstairs or dine comfortably upstairs, bamboo is a wonderful place for asian cuisine
It's thai food is delicious and it's sushi/sashimi is beautifully prepared, with fresh fish like uni and sweet shrimp
DEFINATLY RECOMMENDED!
There aren't many Chinese places in Bay Ridge where you can actually eat in, so this place is great
Food is great and definitely a step above take-out, even if the fried rice is a bit too fried for my taste
Sweet and sour is the best I've had anywhere
the food was ok, considering they have a kitchen the size of my refrigerator and no gas burners
i'm actually amazed that they are able to cook for more than 3 customers at a time with only electric burners and a microwave to work with
i think they must be pre-cooking everything then heating it up in the microwave as the order comes in
my only issue with snacky's is that it's a clubhouse gathering of the wannabe japanese anime nerds (otherwise known as pop culture geeks) and if you're not part of that scene, they really don't treat you well
i wish i had been made aware of this before going there so that i could have dressed up like a hipster and gotten better treatment while paying for my dinner
Snacky has some of my favorite treats--the chinese pizza, kimchee hotdog, and various other snacks
They have a good selection of sake and beer thrown together with a cozy atmosphere
All in all a great place to go hang out alone or with friends
They have great dumplings with soft noodle (pork and shrimp are my favorites), tiny burgers with a great mustard that are one bite sized, their rice is just the right sticky, they have great beer (witte) -- overall a great place to go with friends to chat and laugh and have a few snacks
The decor is really well done
the snacky sausage sandwiches here are so good, I once ate four of them while sitting across from a total hottie at my friend's going-away party
Apparently the guy was smokin' hot but I didn't even notice because all I could see was my delicious snacky sanwiches
they go well with sake
The food is great, but the service is always really slow
We've been going here for almost two years now and it never fails, great food - slow service
And I'm saying that dinner has actually taken about an hour more than it should, just because of the slow service
So go - enjoy the food
But if you have plans later that night, just know
great food, slooooow service
