collard greens, fried chicken, mac cheese, mashed potatoes gravy, absoulutely spectacular
black fried catfish, cheese grits, catfish hush puppies, every single soul food bit you want
cobbler and sweet tea
brisket sandwich and go'wan, for real
this joint just needs you to hear more curtis mayfield and fontella bass
recommended
if you feel like going over to this restaurant and eating in or taking out some great food go for it
however, do not order delivery
as of late they have started forgeting condiments, beverages, utensils and even the bun for my hamburger on one occasion
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again
hate to pay for food i can make 'just the way I like it' but there's some good eatin' here! enjoy the chicken (fried or rotisserie), turkey, and chicken fried steak but i really like the sides
i recommend the greens and fried okra and i especially love the gravy! if only biscuits and gravy were offered
also, only nyc place i know that does an oyster po' boy right
w/hot sauce! good for delivery but in house is best
If you go in the daytime, it feels like you are dining in an Open Garden, because of the glass Rooftop; at night, it's romantic and the atmosphere is great
The food is incredible! The best thing I had there so far was the sweet potato soup, mashed sweet potatoes (when in season)and the lobster tails with champagne sauce!  I've also had some private parties there with family - excellent food and service
Chef Francesco made this past New Year's Eve memorable
Often crowded
Music is sometimes too loud, but the staff will turn it down if you ask
The reason it is loud is because of the acoustics in the restaurant that allow conversations to carry clearly and easily, and the music blocks that out
Their music selection is usually relatively good and unique, though
They sometimes have a live piano player who does lounge singer type stuff, but quite well
Can be fun
That's all I can really criticize them for :) Best Italian food I have had in Brooklyn!!! They deliver, too
I was visiting from Massachusetts and wanted to take my daughter to dinner
I did a search for places to dine in her neighborhood
I cannot tell you how impressed I was with the food ( unbelievable ) the atmosphere (felt like I was in Italy) and the prices ( very reasonable) The cold antipasto stole my heart and palate
My daughter is a chef in Manhattan and she was impressed as well
Her veal was outstanding
I recommend this place to anyone who loves Italian food
Oh and the cannoli OH MY GOSH the best I have ever eaten
I will go back there several times before returning to Massachusetts
I LOVED the food here! The service left something to be desired
My friend and i went in and waited to be noticed let alone seated for a good 5 minutes, when we flagged a waiter who was no help and were seated by a bartender
We chose to sit outside, which was nice, but the outdoor furniture isnt the most comfortable
I would recommend to them better outdoor furniture
The waiter was nice, not very attentive, but overall ok
and the food was AMAZING
I would go back just for the Penne with zuccini and cherry tomoatoes was soo good, and what my friend go he loved too, i'm not sure what it was exactly some potoato pasta
but anyway great food ok service
From the moment you walk in , you will be taken back by the atomosphere, and the food is better than any Italian Restuarant I have ever been to
I absolutely reccommend La Piazzetta to families, dates, girls or guys night out and perfect for parties
I have had several parties here and they were a hit!  Lenore
Everything from the service, food, atmosphere and wine list is great
Since it is not in the trendy part it is more of a unique and traditional italian restaurant
The food was excellent
I would recommend the Gnocci, ravioli or risotto
The pastries are delicious too
Try this place you will not be disappointed
The food at La Piazetta has great flavor, subtle yet incredible taste
I love the friendly feel to the whole place it felt like cheers
From the moment you step in everyone greets you like you been there before
The high glass ceiling brings great warmed and the lighting is something very special you won't find anywhere else
It's also great place to drink wine as they have a good selection
I highly recommend this restaurant for big parties as well as to romance someone
I've tried plenty of the neigborhood restaurants and they're OK, but this one has something different about it
You can go out to eat here on a first date to impress a girl and not go broke in the meantime or for a business lunch to close a deal, or just in jeans on any night of the week for a simple plate of risotto at the bar and still feel comfortable
Even though I had only been there once before I was made to feel as though I was a regular customer
The host made me feel right at home and even the chef came out to greet my table
I was very impressed by that! Try any one of the homemade pasta dishes, they're inexpensive and delicious
I have lived in this neighborhood for many years now, and I have watched business come and go
I remember when La Piazzetta (Graham Central) was a laundromat and it just amazes me how the owners were able to transform it into a pleasant ambiance
The food is gourmet level at a reasonable price
My wife and I can't get enough of it, so we make it a point to go once a week to wind down and catch up
My only complaint is that I wish the music was a little more versatile
Plain and simple is just really good food for the price and the ambience is great!!  It's a very comfortable place feels like some great chefs personal garden!! I love the cold anti-pasta
The clams linguine is to die for there!!!   I rather take a 10 mintue train ride to La Piazetta from union sq cause for the price and great food is worth it
The price is right also
brooklyn prices not manhattan
hehe
Don't worry about how much youre gonna spend or how great the food is cause thats a given!!! But the atmosphere is phenonemal!!! Dominick the host or owner whoever he is make you feel like youre a guest at his home!!  You gotta check it La Piazzetta, you won't reget the time you spend there
The Nora Jones Music they play there was a 10!!!
It was raining so hard the night we coincidentally took shelter underneath the canvas awning of LaPiazzetta Restaurant in Williamsburg Brooklyn
Shockingly it was the first time we've ever noticed this restaurant
We sat outside under the star painted ceiling watching the rain drench the sidewalk, only 10 feet in front of us
It was cozy and we kept dry
Javier, the waiter came over with fresh warm bread with olive oil and balsamic for dipping
We enjoyed the soft music while waiting for our homemade pasta and Salmon stuffed with crab meat
Delish! The atrium dining room where we enjoyed warm strawberry crepes for dessert and homemade anisette was romantic yet casual and the sound of the rain beating on the glass ceiling along with the live jazz band made for a very memorable night
We've been back 4 times so far and still love it
This place is amazing! The staff is phenominal! The food is the best Italian that I have ever had! Try the Gnocchi
I didn't even like gnocchi before I had it from La Piazetta
now it's my favorite! Also, for beverages, try the homemade Anisette! It's delicious
You can't go wrong here
The prices are right too!
the food is always great, and they deliver it promptly
but good god, lower your prices!!! Indian food shouldn't mean taking out a loan to do so
They know that they are the only non-horrible indian place in the whole neighborhood and they take advantage of it
I would eat there more if it were even slightly more reasonable price-wise
What Star of India lacks in decor, it makes up for tenfold in cuisine
This is the best Indian food I've ever had
No, really! I've taken friends and family here and they all agree
The food is consistently fresh, hot and tasty with the perfect amount of flavor and heat
The chicken tikka is succulent, the garlic naan is wonderful and the vindaloo will take you to heights you never knew existed
There's never a wait for a table and the service is always courteous
Plus, they take plastic
My only issue is with the prices
While they're reasonable, I think they could be slightly lower and if they were, I'd be there at least a few times a week! Regardless, it's a worthwhile treat everytime I go
Check it out before everyone realizes how good it is and it turns into one of Park Slope's annoyingly trendy restaurants!
We loooove this restaurant! The food is delicious, warm, spicy and comforting, and the service is very polite
