In fact, we just had a Moroccan-themed party, and Zerza catered the party for us
Everyone LOVED the food, and our party was a tremendous success!  Can't wait to go back to Zerza!!!
I've been here with my girlfriend at least 5 times in a month
They got vey busy after the great reviews they got from the NY times and other magazines and newspaper
But the friendly wait staff always remeber me
The food is very good, the ambiance is great
I am happy I have found this place
make sure you try the fig ice cream
The atmosphere is charming, the waitstaff polite, and the food is tremendous
I got the chicken tagine, delicious
Also, don't leave without trying their famous soup--it is amazing! It goes from empty to line out the door in instants though, so get here early!
Great service and great food
Had tons of fun last night on my birthday (all the other 15 I was with had a great time too)
I totally recomend this place
I am from Morocco, I have been to every Restaurant that claims they specialize in Moroccan cuisine, in NYC
Like everyone else, I read about Zerza somewhere, so I decided to go
I was VERY PLEASED with what I found
Finally a restaurant that serves MOroccan food as supposed to be served
The taste, the presentation
everything was excellent
I give a lot of credit to the people behind this restaurant
I can't wait to go back
Eric Asimov of the NY times loved it, and thanks to his article we discovered this new Moroccan restaurant
we ordered man of their small tapas style appetizers, (I especially liked the Zalok, a puree of eggplants and garlic), and the pissaladiere, the caramalized onion tart
We had a good time, we will go back again, and again
I've been here many times and it has always been wonderful
The food is delicious, reasonably priced, and the service is very friendly
This is a place where you can eat authentic Moroccan home cooking
Zerza is lively, and a meal here is a real bargain compared to so many other restaurants
Don't pay attention to some of the reviewers who tried to undermine this restaurant
I think some people just like to complain!!! To me a place that made me go back at least 6 times in 3 weeks, and had the (New York Times, and the Daily News write wonderful articles about them, is place that must be doing things right
(Avoid Saturdays if you don't like to wait for a table)
Went with a large group -- waited half an hour for menus and an hour for drinks
The service was so bad it was almost funny
The food was not great -- everyhing basically tasted like it was drowned in the same sickly sweet sauce
The eventual 4 hour dinner was not surprising considering that the kitchen is smaller than the kitchen in my one bedroom apartment
The owner was very nice but tried to serve as bartender, waiter, and chef with disasterous results
we came from Florida to visit some family over the week-end
We were told about Zerza from the nice folks at the Waldorf (where we were staying)
It end up a nice small restaurant with good service and great food
We will go back each time we come to New York
great home cooking Morocca food, and nice romantic ambiance
I have eaten in many Moroccan restaurants, and I have to say that this one sets its self apart from all of them
the dishes I ate reminded me of my visit to Morocco last year, its delicious home cooking food
What I liked more is the ambiance, the music they play is diffrent, the colorful candels, etc
the setting is nice
Good show
I heared about Zerza from a colleague at work
So I took my date last night for dinner
It was really relaxing to sit on the couch in the small Moroccan room like, we started with the soup (it was delicious), then we had Zaluk, and one pissaladiere
they were both tasty
For dinner I ordered the duck, and my boyfriend had lamb with Quince (never had quince before, but I was glad I tried it he said) we end up spending the whole evening there the service was friendly and prompt, I was glad I found my new hang out place
Zerza that is :)
I read the NY Times review about Zerza, so I had to go check it out since it was a really good article
I decided to go this past Friday with a couple of my girlfriends
We were pleaseantly surprised
A Moroccan restaurant with a lot of class
the music they selected was nice, and the servers were very friendly
The food was excellent, I had the lamb with apricots and prunes, my friend had the shish kebab, my otyher friend had a lamb cous cous, it was excellent food (I would skip the grill) after all why would you pass delicatly prepared food like the tangines and the basteelah and go for simple grilled kebab!! come on!!! it's like going to France and eating at a MC Donald!!! This place is a sure winner, we loved and we are going back
For starters, this place is very understaffed
We waited 30 minutes before anyone even approached our table to take a drink order
After waiting another hour and ten minutes for the food to arrive, my grilled lamb chops with spicy mashed potatoes turned out to be a little shish-kebob and a small pile of greasy french fries! My date's order was equally depressing
The food was bland and ill-prepared
They turned up the Morrocan music to a deafening roar (most everyone were covering their ears) as a goofy belly dancer swirled around trying to pull men out of their chairs
The service was terrible! I will tell anyone and everyone I know about my worst dining experience in 4 years of NYC living
Everything from the service to the decor and food will make you feel like you are in Marakesh itself!  I had a truely superb dinning experience !!! The food is perfect : particularly the bastilla, which is the moroccan chicken pie with cinnamon, onions and almonds, I tried all the moroccan restaurants, but they don't have the authentic bastilla, which has to have a balance between salt and sweet, and at Zerza, the bastilla is like the one you have in a moroccan family! so gooooooood! the desserts ( I had the rose and fig ice-cream) are fabulous ! I didn't know that Morocco had good wines, so don't hesitate to try the gueroune (?) wine, it's really good
I will definitely come back with my friends !
This must be one of the best moroccan restaurant I was given to try
The food was simply exquisite you guys have to try that the tagines, the meat litteraly melts in your mouth, and the couscous cooked following a secret recipe, leaves you hungry for more
The staff is really friendly and helpful, and the restaurant itself makes you feel like you like you just landed in Morocco as soon as you step in
Two thumbs up!!! ( and even more)
I read about this new place good reviews in the NY times and the new-yorker, so I decided to check it out by myself
And now I can say that  the food is really great and the price is very affordable !! I was seatting with my friends in their outdoor moroccan living-room  the atmosphere was like a movie set with the bellydancer - I was expecting to see a camel at any moment !!! I definitively recommend this place !!! Forgot to mention : their cocktails ( the casablanca and sherazade) are so good
next time, I'l try the others ;-)
A group of my friends and I went there on a Friday night
The rating was high so we were excited
The food was mediocre, but what really got us mad was the service
There was only one waitress on the whole floor
It took 1 hour to get our drink order, then another 2 hours for our food to arrive
We were so hungry by the food came, we couldn't decide if the food was good or not
I've never had such bad service! This restaurant's rating is all wrong!
Been to Zerza three or four times now
Had the duck tagine: large portion, very tender, but the peppery spicing didnt quite prevent it from being a bit too sweet
Tried the lamb kababs which were just ok
On the positive side, liked the Lamb with peas and artichoke tagine -- lots of artichoke and nice flavor
My friend ordered the ground beef kebabs which were richly flavored
Another time a friend had the merguez sausages; while the sausages were ok in themselves, the carrot puree was very interestingly spiced -- rose leaves it turned out
Hurry before all of their terrific reviews are printed, because they're going to be busy!  Delightful authertic bastilla, flavorful couscous, and refreshing theme drinks
and they're open on Sundays!
Had the pissaladiere and a duck tagine (the meat is so tender that it melts in your mouth, the spices so well combined) and I must say that when I visited Morocco a couple of years ago I did not have such good food! I tried also an amazing ice-cream (zerza ice-cream !! so delicious, you'll get hooked !) The pissaladiere is so gooood, not to mention the rest !! ;-) The place was crowded, but the service was very good ! The staff is friendly : I highly recommend this place! The food is excellent and the service very pleasant! Forgot to mention that the decor is beautiful, warm and cozy great for a date ! And the bellydancer was good and beautiful !Zerza is not only a bar though, but also a restaurant !!
We wanted to try something new, we had read about ZERZA in NY magazine , so we went
What a great place : We had a great time, the food was delicious and the service was so friendly ! ;-) I am so happy to have finally found a place where I can enjoy authentic Moroccan food, like the one I had in Morocco !!!
I tried it and I loved it ! Great place to hang out and very good food ! Very good choice of music too ! I will come back !
I live next to the place and I hang out there almost every night !! ;-) I love the food, it is really the best moroccan food in town and maybe the USA! The music they selected is wonderful and the owner did a great great job in decorating the place ! It's like you enter a moroccan house: very cosy and elegant with warm colors
I definetely recommend this place !
The Scene Brooklyn's restaurant boom has produced a surfeit of homey bistros, which makes the brushed-silver facade and dark-wood furnishings of this svelte bi-level spot rather refreshing
Downstairs, there's a cocktail bar, lounge area and small patio; upstairs, an intimate dining space and a view of Lafayette Avenue (BAM is just a few blocks away)
The Food Chef-owner Ian Grant, an alumni of Jean Georges and Bouley, turns out complex, inventive French-American cuisine with global accents
Beautiful arrangements and subtly surprising combinations are the keynotes: A crunchy corn cake sits under striped bass dotted with ginger-lime sauce; sauvignon-blanc broth and white-truffle oil sweeten scallops; and thick black kale offsets tender duck
Desserts are excellent
