Very relaxed atmosphere for such elegant surroundings
It's like you have found a special hide a way that no one knows about tucked away in the corner of such an upbeat, uptown hotel
Burgers, Fries, Shakes, and other drinks: that pretty much sums it up! The menu is very simple, as are the burgers, which are juicy and complement the toasted buns
Two burgers should be filling, but don't come here if you've looking for that 1/2-pounder with all the fixings
Fries were light and not too salty
The place is small and you would never see it if you wern't looking for it
The staff was very friendly, but it was hard to talk with the lound music in the one small room
Take a friend, not a date: either way, you'll leave happy
This joint is packed at lunch but the Burger and Fries are worth it! I drove from NJ on Sunday night for Burgers
I love the place and the price
How do they do it?
This place KILLS Corner Bistro
anyone that thinks different does not know a good burger
Fantastic food that's worth the wait
If you call in advance they'll have the order ready for you once you get there
Expect a mix of tourists and locals who know about this hidden treat
The Burger Joint, tucked away behind a floor-to-ceiling curtain in the lobby of the Le Parker Meridien, in a must-visit for any New York City visitor
The menu is simple (hamburger or cheeseburger? fries? soda or beer?) but the food is incredible and the value is unbeatable
But what's even better is the I-a-NYC-secret feeling you know from eating there! If you're going for lunch, arrive early
lunch hour is packed with local businesspeople who flock there
Difficult to find, but this hidden place needs to be left a secret
One's found you will never want to eat anywhere else
The Burgers, The fries and the staff is what makes this place
Down to earth, good food, people and ambiance
To their staff I say thank You
For a good tasting burger, come to this joint
It has good food and service for the price ($5
00 for hamburger, $5
50 for cheesburger)
It's not the best tasting burger but you can't beat the price
I highly recommend this place to everyone
Without a doubt the best burger in NYC for a great value
The fries are also really good
I have been bringing friends to try this place out and everyone who tries it, loves it! It truly hits the spot
The line is out the door during lunch hour as many locals have found this hidden gem
I love all the celebrity signatures on the wall too
This hole in the wall is neatly tucked behind some curtains in a mirrored hotel lobby
Your nose will lead you to it
BEST burger in the city! No pretension - just a GREAT place to relax, kick back with a burger w/a side of fries and cold beer
The milkshakes are also a must
In my opinion, an unfair review by tfd1
i go here once a week for lunch
while it can be crowded difficult to find a seat, staff is always pleasant the burgers are outstanding
Fries are always fresh
Highly recommended
Great lunch spot
This place is absolutely amazing, for a mere $4
50 you get the perfect burger in a fun atmosphere
There is no pretention here, no tofu, no foie gras, and no vegi burger, just a straight forward burger with great meat cooked perfectly
If you go after 2:30, or for dinner you usually do not have wait in line
I love to go after the movies
The staff is friendly and helpful
You can't do better!
Earlier this year I hosted a dinner party at Pangea - I feel bad because this review is late coming! I had only tried out their food once before I booked my party
everything was delish! I dealt directly with the owner when making arrangements, he was great, and a big stress reliever
The evening of the party went along so well, and the food, waiters, and timing was excellent! To be fair, one couple did feel they were rushed through the first course
As for myself, I left happy and satisfied
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long)
I had dinner at Pangea this week, and it was fantastic! I asked my waiter for business cards to give to friends
He went a step further and told me to check out their citysearch, gutsy! I think he was just prowd
I couldnt believe some of the bad reviews, (oscar the grouches) I found everything to be stellar! The ambviance, staff, and of course food were terrific! We had the Steak Au Poivre, Arugula salad, hummus and that Morrocan chicken (wow!), from what I've found out this place has been around for 20 YEARS! and it has that comfy feel to it, I hate all the cold modern places these days! this place has the perfect lighting and cozy seating, not cramped and crowded! Go, Go, GO!
My wife I went to Pangea this past weekend for brunch and had a great dining experience
The waitstaff was very attentive, always making sure we had everything we needed(water, extra napkins, etc
)
The food was served fresh and in a timely manner
I had the eggs benedict my wife had cinnamon french toast
We did a bit of sharing and we agreed that both choices were very good
We'll be back to check out dinner
My neighborhood spot for many years
No attitude, just good food and friendly service
What else does one need!
My expectations were low coming into this restaurant and I was still disappointed
All we were looking for were some decent brunch food on a sat morning
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts
I had eggs benedict
Let's just say i knew it wasn't good from just looking at it
It was plastic like and presentation was somewhat like a fast food platter
It was probably some of the worst brunch food i've had in the city--and i thought it's pretty hard to mess up brunch food
If this place wants to stay in business, it really needs to shape up the food that they serve
There are too many better brunch places in the city
Needless to say, I will not be returning
The friendly service funky decor can't make up for the lousy drinks (who ever heard of a warm Martini!) food that taste like a Swanson's frozen dinner
A warm goat cheese roasted beet salad was nothing but a lump of cold cheese on top of a bed of lettuce with a few pieces of canned beet on the bottom
The Blackend Tilapia had no flavor my friends chicken was so dry it was a fire hazard
And it aint cheap either! This place gave up trying a LONG time ago so why bother? There are literally dozens of better less expensive much better restaurants in the East Village so leave Pangea to the BT crowd that doesn't know the difference
I had my baby shower luncheon held in the party room of the restaurant
They offered several appetizer and entree choices and everything was amazing! It was a great experience overall
Our visit on 2/25 was wonderful! There were 13 in our group
The food was great! Our waiter's Douglas and Mike were very attentive and entertaining! I can't wait to go back
The food was delicious
We really like your fresh new look
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner
Good food, great atmosphere and friendly service
We will be back
I threw my boyfriend's 40th birthday party there
From the help organizing to the party itself, everything was perfect
The food was amazing and all the guests at the party swore they would return
The staff was incredibly friendly and fun
The entire experience was truly wonderful and we plan to go back over and over and over again
went with a couple of friends for a birthday celebrating dinner for four
