Super guacamole made right at the table
Seafood specials that definitely don't look like upscale Taco Bell, this is real Mexican cuisine!
The Scene It takes a few minutes to get used to the lighting--the red bulbs cast a pink veil onto the red-floral vinyl tablecloths
You'll have to go through the kitchen to use the restroom, but it's all part of this diminutive restaurant's charm
Dinner feels like going to a new friend's cramped apartment--expectations are low, and you'll have a better time than you thought you would
The Food The menu is Mexican; authenticity depends on the dish and to some extent, on who's tasting it
Two large, shareable salads--one with grilled cactus, another with avocado and cilantro dressing--stand out
Spicy pork tacos--on corn tortillas with salsa fresca--and coctel Acapulco (shrimp cocktail) come awfully close to those found on the beaches of Mexico
Mole lovers will find a deep, thick, chocolatey version--nicely spiced and blanketing tender chicken
Carne asada and enchiladas verdes are also good choices
I too come from rural West Texas and am always suspicous of any Mexican restaurant outside of Texas, CA, Southwest, etc
I know that sounds snobbish, but I know what good Mexican food is and this restaurant is the real deal
Like homemade
The chile on the enchiladas is fresh with actual spice to it, the beans taste homemade
the way my grandma's taste, and the hot chile/salsa is wonderful
If you want real Mexican food, come here! No glitz, no glamour, just a cozy, unimposing, small charming place to get some real food
Coming from rural West Texas, I'm about as tough a Mexican food critic as you'll find and I absolutely ADORE this place
The food is as authentic as you're likely to find in NYC and the service is impccable
Every time I go I feel like I'm visiting old friends
The place is run by a single family and they always remember me even though I only come in once every month or so
Must try the Mole enchiladas and have the flan for dessert! Make reservations on Thurs or Fri night because the place is small and fills up quickly!
I'm on a quest to find the best Mexican restaurant in the city and this is by far the best one
I've been to some very well known places in the city and their so called Mexican food is always a disappointment
This place is nothing fancy, and kinda off the beaten path, but- the service is so wonderful and the staff very warm
Menu offers great selctions, and the prices are just right
Try the Sopapilla for dessert, wow what a treat
And the Carnitas tacos, yummy
so so good
If you're looking for true hom made Mexican food you must come here!
In a visit from Los Angeles to New York, my fiance introduced me to the Maguey y La Tuna
I was certain there was no good Mexican food in New York, but el Maguey proved me wrong
The restaurant small size concerned me but on my first bite of the Mole Poblano the rich flavors excited me
Size no longer concerned me because I realized that the food served at the Maguey is fresh, authentic and delicious
Besides the home-style feeling of the food the staff is really friendly and attentive
The waitress drink recommendation was excellent
The Sangria was smooth and strong but my favorite was the fresh oranges in the drink
I recommend all Californian's to visit the Maguey and try their delicious flautas with salsa and guacamole
Only in NY does a Saturday night include amazing Mexican food, great service and getting married! On Saturday, November 19, my fianc and I were married at El Maguey y La Tuna!! We happily signed the papers while eating amazing guacamole, nachos, chicken mole, fajitas, and more
We drank margaritas, sangria and the staff broke out shots of Jose Cuervo in honor of our union! The dessert was divine and they even made us tamales to take home! Although, we are having a ceremony with our families next year, our evening here will be in our heart and minds forever!! THANK YOU EL MAGUEY Y LA TUNA!!!!
A friend and I sought out this restaurant because of Citysearch reviews, and we weren't disappointed
The food was delicious, and flavorful
Not what normally passes for Mexican in NYC
The margaritas were potent (do check to see how much the tequila list will run you, however
I wouldn't drink premium tequila in a margarita
Those are for sipping!) The mole sauce was dense, multi-layered with flavor
The portions were huge, and the prices were dirt cheap
Will be going back again! Not much to look at, though, but don't be put off
If you want a comfortable, relaxed, friendly, and no frills atmosphere with delicious and affordable Mexican food, then look no further! A group of us went here for dinner the other night and had a great time
The margaritas were made to perfection, the entrees were fresh and full of flavor and the staff was outstanding! I will definitely be returning with friends to make sure this hidden Mexican haven gets the recognition it deserves!
This place is just really good
After I finished my meal here, I felt like my six-year quest for a good (not just decent, but good) Mexican place was over
The food here, IMO, is more Tex-Mex or Cali-Mex than authentic Mexican
I still like Mexicana Mama for more authentic Mexican food
Just really, really impressed with this place
My life was just a little more complete after walking out of this place
Seriously, you'd be a fool not to
It's cheap and delicious -- just like the Mexican food I grew up with in Oklahoma
The salsa tastes fresh, with plenty of cilantro and a little bite
If you like it spicier, you can doctor it up (as we did) with the hot sauce on the table
The guacamole was delicious -- and they give you a lot of it
I had the mole verde, which covered large pieces of pork that were so tender that my knife was rendered useless
It was served with warm corn tortillas, rice and beans
My date had the chiles rellenos, which he deemed the best chiles rellenos he's ever had
Our waitress was very friendly and efficient
Did I mention it's cheap? For the guacamole, two entrees, two margaritas and a beer, the tab was $53
Last Friday, I was walking with my college friends through the streets of the Lower East Side, when I saw a BIG sign that read Fiesta Platter
With the Yankees and Boston Logos on it we thought that we should go in and check what this platter had to offer us
We reserved a Platter for Saturday
In which contained eveything that we expected for a good baseball game and good company
You could expected us back at the Maguey for reserving more platter for this postseason of the playoffs
Oh Yea, I can't forget to mention that we stood there on Friday and Drank from the new Drink Menu they have, big improvement
Highly Reccomended!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The food was delicious, as were the margaritas
The staff was very friendly and accommodating
We had a big group and were there for a couple of hours, yet we never felt rushed
I had the enchiladas verdes, which were excellent
Be sure to leave room for desertthe sopapilla is worth it
It's a small place, so if you have a large group it is best to make a reservation
The servive the food the price all great!!!! I recommend to everyone
took forever to find real mexican food in NYC until i moved a few doors away and then BAM! left on my own again! okay, i am still pissed that El Maguey y La Tuna is no longer in williamsburg! loved the weekend late night live music
hate going to the LES, but, i am forced to go for the mole poblano (am addicted) and enchiladas (try any - they are all great)
pozole and menudo are musts especially after late nights out drinking
please please come back!!!
delicious food, excellent service, and a super friendly staff
definitely worth a visit
I've been coming to this place for years, it's by far the best mexican restaurant in the city
Just wanted to let everyone know how great the new margaritas are though! I heard through a friend that they just got their liquor licence, so I had to go see what all the buzz was about
They were so good! Much better (and cheaper) than another certain LES Mexican restaurant
The food was outstanding, but that's a given
Everyone should to this place! Their margaritas are so refreshing during the hot NYC summer days
Being that I'm from Mexico, I know good Mexican food when I taste it
I've been to so many Mexican restaurants (in all boroughs), but El Maguey Y La Tuna is by far and away the best! My friend told me I had to go check this place out, and I'm so glad I did! The enchilladas al maguey y la tuna were soooo good
Even better than my mom's cooking! And their new margaritas were so tasty, I didn't even realize how strong they were (and cheap)! You NEED to go to this place
And the waitresses are hot!
This is my spot!  The waitress told me that El Maguey has thier liquor license they can serve tequila and Margarita!   I am so happy! Now, this is the spot to go afterwork
Great food, nice strong margaritas on the rock!  Make your reservation at this joint
This is the next hot spot for the summer! Especially, that is so lay back and down to earth!
It was my first time in New York and as a El Paso native I was highly suspect that there was any good Mexican food in this city
Locals recommended El Maguey y La Tuna
It has a cozy atmosphere and satisfying food that took me back home
