Actually, it may have even been better than home but Shhh! My friend and I started off with ensalda de nopales
The cilantro dressing was very refreshing
I loved the Enchiladas al Maguey Y La Tuna
My friend enjoyed the Jalepeno Burrito
Although they did not serve margaritas, they made up for it with great sangrias
In addition to the great food, friendly service made me realize why this is such a local favorite
P
S
Thanks Jimmy from the subway for the recommendation
El Maguey y la Tuna is serving Margarita! Finally! There Margaritas are really good and strong!  I have been going to this spot since, last summer and the owner told me that they were working on thier license
Well, they finally have their liquor license
I lovethier food
It is the best Mexican food in LES and East Vilage
Enchiladas verdes and Enchiladas Rancheras delicious! Los Tacos - the best in town! Love their salsas!!  Cool place to hang out and now more then ever! Margaritas Tequila with their food, party time!   this is a awesome joint!
I love the service at this restaurant, but the food tends to be inconsistent in quality and arrangement
Huevos rancheros is meager and not the same dish at different times
Only El Maguey Y La Tuna! They make adobo Rojo, mole verde, mole poblano like no other place in this city
It is very homey comfortable
I feel I am eating at my tia adela kitchen
This place reminds you like you were in a mexican kitchen or living room
There specialty of the house should be rated 4 stars****
There mole poblano is sweet, delicate, rich, and tasteful
I tell all my buddy about this place
try it and see for yourself!
if you want delicious, home-style mexican food, go here, period
Mexican in NYC wavers betwn' Caribbean trying to pass as Mexican or Chevy's style food
Being Mexican-American from the west most Mexican food misses the mark catering bland tastes
losing their soul in the process
El Maguey is the west, their mole is proof
RICE and BEANS foremost to any Mexican palate; whoever gets that will shoot to meteoric success
El Maguey's pinto and refried beans, are unheard of in NYC! Truth:Black beans aren't typicaly Mexican;they are from the Carib
of Mexico
While rice should be toasted and smokey
El Maguey's rice is borderline/ better than most
Their salsa is authentic but variation is king
large portions is AKA Mexican style as is catering to customer wants
including delivery
Their delivery guys deserve every penny, be generous
These guys went out in the worst snow to satisfy my home sick stomach
guilty
This place is a find in the land of mediocrity
This restaurant has a lovely, homey feel, mostly attributable to the generosity and knowledge of our waitress and the hearty, extremely tasty food
I had the mole verde, which had just enough tang to tickle my palate, but didn't desensitize my tastebuds
The pork in the mole verde was succulently tender, rendering my knife useless
And the sangria
oh, the sangria
Perfect blend of wine and crisp, sweet apples
Highly recommended!
This restaurant is a must for a birthday or other group gathering
not to mention the food is incredible and very reasonably priced
I would say it is the best Mexican food I've had in New York
I went here for my birthday with a group of 16 and the place was packed, but everyone had a great time
It seems like anyone would enjoy this restaurant, from kids to adults
Go!
As far as my experience with Mexican food goes I've always had real home cooked Mexican food that co workers have given me
El Maguey is a cozy space, but comfortable
You're seat isn't smushed up against the person behind you
The service is friendly and helpful
And the food is awesome
I ordered the Adobo Rojo
The waitress gave me a look like I was crazy, and then she warned me that it's a very hot dish and offerred to let me taste the sauce before ordering
I actually found it to be pretty mild, but then again I like eating whole jalapenos as a snack
The pork was nice, very tender, a little fatty but I just trimmed it off
The rice, beans and tortilla were great
The flan is out of this world
And I loved that they had the large glass bottles of pepsi
Maguey is the best Mexican food on the LES
It is a more traditional restaurant, you can tell the owners know about Mexican food from growing up and mastering their trade
Where to start? Everything is great
Carne asada, the soups, and just as important, the chips and salsa
I've heard from friends that they also have a great brunch, and you can sit down with a thirst quenching sangria, beer or wine
I really suggest that if you want the real deal, take a trip to El Maguey to experience a real Mexico
I've never been inside this joint, just had it delivered
The food is great - just like in the taquerias I would go to in Queens
Carne Asada tacos with onions, cilantro and a wedge of lime, in double white corn tortillas and a little guacamole suit me just fine
Plus, they deliver to my *supposedly* out of the way neighborhood, no problem!
Come as casual as you like, seat yourself, immediately order a huge pitcher of red or white sangria, take a big drink and realize youve just found that off the beaten path little mom-n-pop joint you were looking for on your last trip to Mexico
The menu offerings are authentic and the flavors are fresh
The friendly service (if youre lucky youll get Gladys table) and the prices feel just as south of the border as the grub
Checked out citysearch before heading to NYC from Boston
So glad we did, this place is definately a hidden jem
The service was great, the salsa is fresh with plenty of cilantro, the burritos were tasty, all around just a great place! Definately on top of the list when we come back
Usually when I find a great little neighborhood restaurant, I try to keep it to myself as long as possible
However, after a year of eating at El Maguey Y La Tuna this Mom Pop restaurant deserves its praise for having the best authentic Mexican food on the Lower East Side
Its kind of funny how sometimes unintentionally great eating places are found in NYC
For over a year, this restaurant has been my dining preference for traditional Mexican Cuisine in the LES
I am not the first and I will not be the last person to say this, El Maguey y La Tuna ROCKS! I love their tacos de Carne Asada
I have weekly cravings for their Enchiladas al Maguey
Before every Saturday night, we head over to start the party with a pitcher of their original Sangria
Finally, El Maguey Y La Tuna deserves to be recognized
I have been to this restaurant a couple of times and i find this place amazing
The staff is extremely helpful and nice and the food is amazing
I have ordered a few of the dishes on the menu and i have never been dissappointed
I definetly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants delicious food
What can I say about this place I love it! They should have been in the Lower East Side long time ago
Welcome to the neighborhood El Maguey Y la Tuna! I love thier Mole Poblano and their hangover spicy tripe soup! Overall the staff is friendly and polite!  If you want real good Mexican Brunch this is the place! Huevos Rancheros, Huevos con Chorizo, y Chilaquiles Rojos y Verdes Try thier cafe con leche and sangria to die for!  I have no idea what they put in thier sangria but everytime I go it taste better!!  Highly Recommend the place Just don't be in a rush to get your food they make everything fresh
This is not a fast joint!!
I've had a lot Mexican food in my time but this is really some of the best
My friends and I went to this restaurant to try something different
The ambiance is intimate and friendly
