Best pulled pork I've had in the city! The meat is smoked perfectly, and you can add your own sauces to taste (as it should be done, just like in Eastern NC!)
Mara's homemade was absolutely fantastic!!! The atmosphere was casual yet fun and upbeat
The hosts Mara and her husband were incredibly attentive and helpful, the waitresses were great
The food was out of this world -- it was delicious, flavorful, and overall wonderful
Try the hush puppies, the fried pickels ( these should come as an entree!), shrimp creole, barbecue
and the rest of it! What a great place
Mara's was recommended to us by friends
Mara's is owned and ran by one family
I have read others reviews about bad experiences and I must say nonsense to that!! I admit to being a very difficult person and I was pleased
The family could not be anymore attentive
Mara is a DOLL and her husband David took the time to sit with us before closing time
The food was even better
The son does all the barbecue
For a kid just learning I give him another week to have it down pat PERFECT
Anyone who would give Mara's a bad review should have NOTHING to say because they obviously know nothing about food and service
Lived in the city and moved out, but Mara's will bring me back to NYC much more often
EAT THERE!!!!
Now this isn't your typical NYC restaurant! Don't go here expecting DJ's, candles on the tables, and a cool atmosphere! This is a mom and pop restaurant with a down home feel! The table and chairs are all different and the place isn't very big
but it definitely feels like you are in a New Oreleans restaurant, right there on the bayou! The food is great, and I loved the owners
they came to our table a couple of times and asked us how we were doing! The Hurricanes were just like Pat O's in New Orleans
strong, strong, strong, and delish! Its a great place to go with friends
maybe not a big group, cuz its not a big place! This southern girl fed her belly and had a great time with friends! You should definitely go!
With the exception of rude owners, poor ambience and smelly fish entrance
their grits and potatoes from their brunch menu was good
The Prix-fixe brunch is a deal but okay
I'd just come here to eat crawfish and beers
need to be buzzed to deal with the unfriendly and inconsiderate owners
Their other staff were friendly
I have been to Mara's 5-6 times, both with large groups and with my girlfriend for V-day
They are accomodating, pleasant and appreciative
The food has a flair unlike any in the city
They serve dishes that appeal to the spiciest palets, as well as those less spicy palets
Desserts are delectable and worth ordering entire cakes (Red Velvet especially) for any occasion either while dining at restaurant or for an outside event
Cheers to Mara's!!
What ambience?
The chairs were uncomfortable
Could go a long way with a few bucks to decorate this place
We ordered crawfish
good
What wasn't great was the clumsy application of newspaper to the table AFTER the drinks and other apps were served
The Fried pickles (highlight of the meal) were great as were the hushpuppies and biscuits
Then came the entrees -- and hour later
Caeser Salad: I've had better at a hospital
Po' Boys: good
but, not great
Southern-Fried Catfish: Very untastey and salty
Shrimp etouffe: We'll give it a B minus
Beans and Rice: I have made better from a box for $1
79
Jumbalaya: Amazingly, the chicken was somehow dry and all the rice was dry and looked as though scraped from a pan
Shrimp Creole: Seriously tasted like shrimp with baked bean sauce poured over
I would never have recognized it without having ordered it
Mara's has great choice of southern cooking that hits the spot here in NYC
Being from the south I miss the food and I find that Mara's does a great job of bringing that here
The Hurricanes are tasty and the crawfish spicy!
Wow, delicious food and a downhome atmosphere
My friends and I went for Fat Tuesday, had a great meal and listened to some fantastic live music
We ended up staying into Wednesday because we lost track of time and I'm positive the hurricanes had something to do with it
Definitely try the crab claw appetizers!
I cant even describe how bad the service was at mara's
I work nearby and ordered lunch a while back for delivery
Not only did it take almost two hours, the food was horrible
Being in the neighborhood a lot, I decided to give it another try during mardi gras week
I happen to love crawfish
My group went and had such a horrible experience
We waited forever for our food
No one, not once, ever came to the table to see if we needed anything else
The place was not crowded
It was almost as if they have no idea how to run a restaurant
They were running around like they had no clue
The food was not horrible but coupled with the service it was hard to have a good taste in mouth
The food is fine but the atmosphere is a fright
The only thing worse than hearing the husband/wife pair of owners fight in the other room is watching the abomidable way they treat their staff
I was uncomfortable the whole evening and hated my experience
I have visited Mara's several times and she is SO helpful! She has repeatedly sat down and gone over the entire menu with me to make sure that I order something fabulous
The food is incredible and the desserts are AMAZING!!! While you're there, definitely have a hurricane!

I stumbled onto this place and am thrilled that I did
Comfort food that tastes fresh and is indeed, comforting
Mara is an artist with her tasty creations
Also, the desserts are some of the best that I have found in this part of town
The mousse especially is INSANITY!! it is so tasty, smooth and unlike any you have ever had the pleasure to taste
The best part is that Mara and her husband are on hand to chat with you, explain options and make you feel like you are friends
Great place
Where do you start? Outstanding hush puppies, wonderful mac and cheese and shrimp that are so fresh, they are swimming off of your table
What a great place, we have found another amazing, new york place
After reading all the glowing reviews on citysearch, my boyfriend and I couldn't wait to try the food at Mara's Homemade
Boy were we disappointed
We ordered the alligator appetizer which was good, tasted like fried chicken
I had the fried catfish as my entree and my bf had fried chicken
The catfish tasted exactly like the fried alligator!! It was encrusted in a hard shell of fried doughy layer which was tasteless
My bf's fried chicken similarly was fried so that it was rock hard on the outside, and the meat wasn't even tasty
We've both been to NO many times and this was definitely not cajun/creole cooking
The hosts were pretty nice
But they're not even from New Orleans, they're from Texas
So if you are looking for authentic Cajun food, don't look here
If you are looking for good food at reasonable prices, don't look here either
If you go for cajun and southern cormfort food, there is no way around Mara's
The hosts are all over you feeling just right and the food is great
You do, however, spend a good amount cash fairly fast
