this has become my favorite place
the staff is fun  great music in the backround (Blues/Jazz) the food is 5 star  look out nobu here comes the next iron chef champ
They now have a liquor license and I asked when they will be taking credit cards and they said in two weeks
The service is wonderful and the food is absolutely to die for!!!! Its great to have a great resturant in the neighborhood
The cheif worked at Bond St
If you live in the area
GO
If you don't live in the area
GO
If you need a nice place to take a date
GO
If you want great food at a reasonable price
GO
And finially, as a parent, I went with my daughter during the early dinner hour (a time parents should take their kids when at a quaint resturant like this
She loved the food and thought it was fancy
With a modest exterior one can easily miss this bistro
don't ,we highly recommend it
Bring wine, cash
(wine cards not accepted yet) Specials of the day plentiful! First, we tried duck and vegetable spring rolls, eggplant spicy seafood soup
All were to our liking
Entrees: Red Snapper, Goat Cheese Crab Cakes and our favorite, New Zealand Lamb Chops
extremely tasteful!! Topped off the evening with three desserts: a heavenly ginger infused creme brulee (very light), banana crepe with ice cream and a cinnamon icecream with apples
Service extremely friendly attentive;the small bistro atmosphere quaint and we were never felt rushed! Only critique: no espresso to go with dessert! Although, it would seem a perfect idea to keep this place our own secret, we'd rather share our find with others and see this bistro thrive so it will stay open for many years to come!
My first time here was for lunch with a friend
You HAVE to have the lamb starter
The flavor was amazing! The duck spring roll and the salmon tartare was sooo tasty
The plum vinagrette on my spinach salad was great
And the banana crepes with the green tea syrup was a delicious cap to lunch
I love this place! Can't wait to try their dinner items
Bistro 33 is a hidden treasure in Long island City
I almost hate to write this for fear that once people know how great the food is I might not be able to get a table
Asian /French fusion is what they call it
I think it's just delicious
The food is outstanding and so is the service
We loved it so much we celebrated our Anniversary there last Friday
Don't miss the Goat Cheese Crab Cakes, the to die for Sushi and of course the Chocolate souffle( yum)
Remember BYOB!! Keep it up Gary Jackie! We're sold
I came all the way from Rockland County to enjoy the amazing food and atmosphere of LB33
The space is warm, cozy and intimate
The menu offers a wide selection of reasonably priced starters and entrees
We started with the Gyoza and Shrimp Tempura, both of which were far superior to the ones you get in your average Japanese place
The dishes are creatively presented and the portions are generous
The Shrimp in Coconut Milk and Crab Cakes were delicious and filling
The desserts are outstanding, with Warm Banana Coconut Crepes the overall best choice
LB33 is BYOB, so grab a bottle of wine, drop on in and enjoy!
We stumbled upon this place by looking up restaraunts in City Search! I'm so glad that we did because the food was excellent and the service matched it
Everything tasted so fresh and was blended perfectly
I love to eat and this is the perfect place to indulge
I was too full for dessert, but the tables around me seemed to be very pleased with their dessert results
I know to save room next time
I must say something about this place because it really did take my breath away! just like what my gf said after having dinner in this very romantic, yet simple but nice restaurant
You better just come! The food is sooooo fabulous
They perfectly blend french asian inspired cuisines and come up with a unique and amazing food!!! And check this out, the price is right! So where else you can find heaven, only in this New restaurant!
Great new spot in Astoria/LIC
Great food, nice atmosphere, friendly staff
Perfect place to take a date or to impress visitors from out of town or just other boros
A great place to spend an evening- start with seaweed salad and delicious ceviche, have the steak with blue cheese for dinner and move to dessert crepes to die for! Bring a bottle of wine and enjoy
Amazing ceviche
Shrimp stewed in coconut milk and the crab cakes entrees were wonderful
Killer banana crepes
Just a short walk from the N/W line 36th Ave stop
Date idea: dinner at Lil' Bistro 33 followed by a movie at Kaufmann/Astoria 14 theater
Highly recommended
that way you can sample more of the excellent menu choices
We started with the Grilled Shrimp with Mango Salsa and the Crispy Tofu Salad
Both were delicious
The Salmon and the Duck entrees were superb and we were glad we saved room for dessert! The Coconut Banana Crepes were wonderful
(I usually opt for chocolate, but I would order these again
and again!) I think I'll try the Lamb Chops next time and, of course, some of whatever my dinner date is having!!
I got the fast breaking news that there's a cozy, warm simple restaurant out there in Long Island City
And when I checked it out with my boyfriend-we were grateful to our friends who told us about it! The food with a touch of french and asian cuisines is so fabulous and check it out, the price is very reasonable
I just cant wait for my boyfriend to have another date with me there! The place is so romantic too
Congratulations to the Chef and owner himself, you'll see us more often
The food is great and the staff is very friendly
They will help you with the entire menu if you ask them
Try the thai noodles and use the great sauces they put on your table
Very fresh fish, excellent value and great service
The decor is plesant but not the greatest
Rolls and sushi were very tasty
Great surprise
This place has a friendly staff, great food and awesome ambience! Plus great drink specials
this was a pleasant suprise
The Scene Giant picture windows looking out on the intersection give a sense of space and activity; creamy faux leather booths and stone-faced walls lend a loungey air, and the fashionable, cruisy clientele fits right in
Servers seem rushed, but get the job done with a modicum of sass
The Food The menu gently updates diner comfort classics
Macaroni in a tangy, creamy two-cheese sauce is just what it should be; likewise a rich, brothy chicken potpie and a tender and herby duck meat loaf
Novelties, like a salad of tomatoes, bread and preserved ahi, or Baja fish tacos with mahi mahi, show the same polish
A few disappointments can be found: an overly vinegary steak sandwich, for instance, and mushy calamari with dull dipping sauce
But the restaurant's delicious Disco french fries, drenched in a truffled Brie sauce, makes it a destination at any hour
OK, so, i am a waiter at a major restaurant in the meatpacking district
a favorite place to get food after work is DINER 24
i was skeptical at first, but after several visits, this is my favorite place north of 14th st
the disco fries (completely unlike the disco fries at Diner on 14th st
) are amazing, if u love truffle oil
i have also had the salad nicoise, the tomato soup, and the buffalo chicken dumplings, among others
i think everything there is quality for the price in that neighborhood
my friends and i go frequently after work, and have never had a bad experience
industry nights tend to get a bit loud but i still have enjoyed myself, due mostly to a waiter that we have a lot -- what is his name? i feel it starts with a J but he has been there since it opened and i see him quite often, very cute and usually wearing a baseball cap
(sorry i can't remember
)
