I thought the design was really cool andf hip
I loved the Buffalo chicken dunplings
What a unique dish
Had the Duck Meatloaf as a main
Very tastey and not too heavy
Cocktails were different
Would highly reccommend this place for a quick bite or a great dinner
I went to Diner 24 for my 27th birthday with a group of girlfriends recently and had a blast! The hostess and staff were so accomidating to our large group of people
We were seated promplty and enjoyed the most interesting variety of appetizers
The entrees proved to be just as amazing
from the steak frites to the horseshoe sandwich
We loved every minute! And to top it off, the waiter brought me a complimentary order of Cheese cake with a candle! These guys have it right!
Haven't written a review in a while, but I have to agree that the portions are just too small here
The food is tasty, but when I tried this place, I just couldn't believe how little food they give you
Just not worth it for that reason along
Finally a cool place where you can get a casual bite to eat, have really well prepared food, and not spend a fortune
It's atmosphere is fun with an interesting mix of people
The menu is creative and obviously uses quality ingredients you would never find in a regular diner
The truffled brie fondue on the disco fries are great and the buffalo chicken dumplings are so cool
Where else can you get a grill cheese and fries in a beautiful place for five bucks
Good for them, finally someone looking out for diners with a smaller budget
This place is WAY overpriced
My friends and I were told a 15-20 minute wait for a table for 3 and we waited almost an hour
There were 6 parties seated before our party
Yeah, I know we should've left but we invested too much time already
We had to ask for water even after we were asked what type we preferred, and then the busboy spilled it while he was pouring it out
The calamari came out way too fast because it was pre-prepared, kept under a heating lamp, was rubbery and the garnishes were burned
The portions were miniscule
We had to put in another order for more food! The asparagus was overcooked and limp
Our server was very nice, but overall this was an experience that I would not like to repeat
Don't go there if you want to eat
This place is for show
The food is mediocre at best
Id rather go to dive diner and still watch beautiful people and have good food than get ripped off by diner24
Came here with 3 other friends and thank God we were not that hungry - the portion really tiny although it's tasty
But who really comes to Chelsea to have a full stomach? You come here to watch pretty guys/gals - the ambience is great and the VIEWS are wonderful
That is funny that people say the portions aren't big enough
I thought it was defnitely enough for the price
By the way, you get 4 crab cakes and I split them with a friend during my vist
Maybe they should go down the street to Mcdonalds and Super Size it!!! Then they would only spend under $10 and hang out with their own kind
Although the ambiance is cool and the crowd is cute, the food leaves much to be desired
The portions are tiny and the prices too high for what you actually get
After having dinner there, my friends and I went somewhere else to eat more because we were still hungry
Don't get the crab cakes by the way - they're (or it's) overpriced and not even that tasty
I came here with some friends
Great ambience and the food was tasty, but I need a microscope to find the entree on my plate!!!! Do not go here when you're hungry
it is way overpriced
For example, the Crab cakes is simply a crab CAKE the size of a half dollar for $13!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Way overpriced
My friends and I were quite disappointed
These guys need to put a little bit more food in their servings or they'll never make it!
Yum - I highly recommend dining in for their lunch buffet
Food is excellent, best midtown Indian restaurant I have tried
However, delivery has been a problem lately, lots of mistakes, long delivery times and sometimes they don't offer delivery at all
For no good reason, they suddenly no longer deliver their lunchbox specials, which I have been ordering every Friday for nearly 8 months now, forcing you to order entree size meals for lunch
Unfortunately they have lost my business, I will be looking for another Indian lunch spot going forward
Provides tasty Indian food in the neighbourhood for me
I wouldn't schlep to this place and neither would I go for the ambience or the decor
Just go to have acceptably made Indian food in a casual setting
I went to dinner here tonight and was extremely impressed! When we sat, the waiter brought over a basket of Roomali Roti (paper thin bread), with two sauces, one spicy and one sweet, both tasty
It was delicate, not like Italian bread which fills you even before your appetizer
My father and I shared everything starting with the fish Tikka
The order came out on a hot plate and was delicious!!! For the entree, we had Lamb Rogan Josh (you can order it as spicy as you like) with a side of Cucumber/yogurt sauce (forgot the name), and their wonderful Garlic Naan bread
We mixed the yogurt sauce with the Rogan Josh and kept the sauces from the complimentary bread to add as we ate (they were tasty on the fish as well!) If you like Indian, get over here fast!
Best meal i ever had
Loved the service   loved the decor  food was very tasty  you'll never believe this is kosher
i went there last time for dinner with my friends! i enjoyed the music and the foood!, the prices are low and the food is reallly deliciois!i loved the lamb tagine, a moroccan dish! i had so much fun dancing with the exotic dancer they have! i will defenetely come back to horus 1 v, very sooon!
i was there with my friend last saturday, and i had the best fun all over the planet! i loved the staff , they're very friendly , Christina our waitress was so nice to us! Chico the hookah guy was making their special hookah that is called the Fresh Pineapple that tatses so goood! even the owner Mike was so nice to us!  i would defenetely come thre!
i am a non smoker person, i never imagined i gonna smoke hookah in my life!untill the day i went there with a friend of mine! so i said let me give it a try! from that day! i became a hookah number one lover, my girlfriend , shes so jealous of hookas now:) hehe so for all of you who never tried hookah before, well you shoould try the ladies in red in horus!its soo delicious! i love it!
I stumbled upon Horus one night with two of my friends after binge drinking on beers and margeritas
What made us walk in, I have no idea, must have been the alcohol talking
The ambiance was funky and cool, though its kinda blurry, the music kept the place hopping and people toes tapping
Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves
I guess they were not treated the way we were
They sat us at a table and had us move shortly after because the table was reserved
We felt insulted as they offered us free waters in response to thier lack of organizatinal skills
I can say thought that this place has argueably the best chicken soup in the city
I couldnt believe how damn good it was
In the end, they paid the price for the shotty service we recieved
I went to Horus Cafe to celebrate the 1 year Anniversary of Black Out 2
It was the first time they had their event there
I didn't know to expect all of this
Two levels, Dj, Belly Dancing and more
The atmosphere alone made this place warm, inviting and romantic
I will definitley return with a date
This restaurant has the WORST service I have ever seen in the city
First, i reserved a table for 9 and when we got there they put us in a table that fits 5
So I asked for a bigger table but they told us all tables was reserved
Finally they gave us a bit bigger table but the host was complaining that we kept waiting to switch
After dinner we ordered a hookah and after 20 minutes waitress comes by and tried to take it away because she claims our table is reserve for another group in 10 minute
They also charged us for extra bottles of water that we did not order
I was SO embarassed for taking my friend to such a place
I will never go back there and I will not recommend this place to any of my friends and co-workers
I've never had a bad time
Makr reservations though, especially on the weekends
Gets a bit crazy
Good houka
I have NO idea how this place is opening a second location on 10th Street especially after reading all the reviews on this place! I went there for dinner last night in hopes of some yummy Mediterranean food
Food was okay - had better
The ambiance is more for a club than for a restaurant - especially with the projection of belly dancers brightly exposed on a screen
It was too much
