The food was great
Had trouble deciding what to order
Had the free range lamb
One of the best dishes I ever tasted
The chef even popped his head out of the kitchen to say hi
Like the surroundings as well
Nice lounge and bar area, but dining area is seperated
They have a new chef and a new menu
Entrees from $15-$26
New decor aswell
Very inviting
Full bar and a lounge area
It was good for pre-dinner cocktails
Bartender even bought back
Try and find that in NY
The meal was exceptional and the chef came out to see if we liked it
I'll definitely be going back
I don't love the layout - but more importantly I didn't love the food
When you order a ploughman's lunch you don't even get bread (which confounded me) and the mini yorkshires were dry as a bone
The service is decent at least
I kind of pity them for their out of the way location
if you wanna go to a place to meet phonies, i recommend it
This out of the way, British-food oriented restaurant is worth a peek
Food was creative - a new take on traditional Brit food - toad in the hole, bangers and mash
Starters were a bit better (and more diverse creatively) than entrees (steak portion quite small but lamb chops were quite large- fish was okay) and save room for dessert
The banoffee pie was delicious and worth the calories
Service, particularly the busboys, was very attentive
A bit limited on its wine choices - should look into expanding that a bit
I went on a Wednesday and the place was quiet in the restaurant part, but did have a lively bar scene
LOVED THE VIBE AT THIS PLACE GREAT FOODLOVED THE MOJITOS SAT UPSTAIRS WITH MY FIANCEE AND HEARD AN AMAZING SALSA BANDEVEN DANCED THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN EVERYONE STARTED DANCING! WE WILL BE BACK
Overall good service, great restaurant, great experience - Definitely will be coming back to Cuba!
Went there for brunch on a Sunday afternoon
Good music and sangria
Poor service
They were slow to take our order and only got 1 out of 4 of our orders right
Cuba has it all -- ambience, great food, great service, great location!!! From the second we stepped inside, this place was wonderful
We were warmly greeted at the door and seated promptly
The nostalgic feel and live music (even on a Monday!) has made this my new favorite spot! So, if you are hungry or simply feel like having a drink and want to feel like you are away from bustling city for a few hours, get to Cuba quick!
Just had my bday dinner here - I had moved my party here after I couldn't reserve at some other restaurant due to the number of people I had (12)
I had passed by Cuba on a number of occasions and remembered it so I took the risk and made a last minute reservation
What a good call!! Food was great - everybody had clean plates by the end of the night
Prices are reasonable for a night out kind of restaurant like this
It's my new favorite restaurant!  But what really makes this spot is the ambiance and vibe
Don't let the standard exterior fool you - go past the front area and you'll be surprised by the little cozy nooks the space has to offer
We were seated downstairs and it was even better - just have to see it for yourself
I would describe the vibe as cozy/romantic but also lively and loud
I went saturday and it was a busy night - I can see it being a good date spot but probably on weedays
My only complaint was that music at times was a tad too loud
Overall good service, great restaurant, great experience - defintely coming back here again!!
My friend and I were roaming around for a good place to eat, and we walked by this restaurant
We haven't had cuban food in a while; so, we decided to try it out
It was a great dinner experience!!! The atmosphere was fabulous with the music, the lighting, everything! We chose to dine downstairs, only because we wanted to talk, and I thought it was the perfect area to have a relaxing dinner with a friend
The food was simply AMAZING!!! However, I thought the dishes were pretty pricey, but I think it's worth every penny
If you go here, you HAVE to get a pitcher of their Sangria
It's the best I've EVER had!!!  I think this is definitely a place worth checking out!!
Great ambience, live music on a Monday night! Service was a little slow, but they were attentive and friendly
Food is good and the Mojitos are great!
Wonderful experience: The food, drinks, music and attention were simply excellent!!! I would highly recommend CUBA!!
Fabulous food, great service
I can't say enough good things
I WAS THERE FOR A FRIEND'S BIRTHDAY PARTY
FOOD WAS GREAT, STAFF WAS NICE AND PATIENT (CONSIDERING WE HAD ABOUT 30 PEOPLE IN OUR GROUP)
While strolling up Thompson St my boyfriend and I stumbled upon Cuba and decided to try it
The service was excellent from the get go
It's a small place and dimly lit with a nice romantic ambience
I had lamb and my friend had chicken, my lamb melted off the bone and was excellent (his dish was so-so) - both with cous-cous
I'd go again although I found prices to add up rather quickly with wine
Had my brothers 30th B-day dinner there
All the food was great and the portions were very nice
(I am a big fan of BIG portions) Everything was great, had the downstairs room next to the bar
One thing to keep an eye out for
If you have a large party, they already include the tip in the bill
We almost paid the waiter a double tip
Look out!!
we took a friend from London to Cuba and had a wonderful evening
we were seated downstairs in a cosy setting
the staff were fantastic and kept the mojitos coming (very highly recommended)
the food is average, but clearly the service, ambience and drinks make up for it
After reading all of the poor reviews for the service at Cuba I was somewhat hesitant to dine here on Valentine's Day
We were seated as soon as we arrived at the restaurant
The live band was excellent
Red roses were given to all of the ladies
The food was excellent, as was the service
We even had a friend join us in the middle of our dinner and they accomodated our friend
This is a fun place
Thank you for a memorable Valentine's Day!
My associates @ the Law firm told me all about this place and seeing it from the outside you don't see much but once you go inside you realize its special purpose
The place was jammed with people so they sat us downstairs in this room they called Hemingways Hideaway
The MGR/Host ANGEL was most accomodating and attentive
We sat downstairs ate our meal
Vacca frita,paella,bocaditos,and some other tasty dishes
Then we came back upstairs to enjoy the LIVE CUBAN MUSIC playing
To top it off a great cigar for my husband
Thanks for taking us during this crazy snow storm!!Thanks Angel ! Thanks Cuba
this is a great find
food yummy, great drinks and kool atmosphere!
Thank so much again Cuba
Thank you for giving so much life and passion to your restaurant
My wife and I returned once again and this time with 4 more people all of us from England
Great food as usual, the paella valenciana our fave and oooh those coconut mojitos ahh! We just realized that you had an extra bar downstairs very kool!
