I made a reservation for 12 people for my friend's b
day party and was informed that our party would have to order $20 worth of food per person, a somewhat ridiculous request since entrees are only $10
Then when 6 out of the 12 of us arrived for our reservation we were told that we could not be seated until our entire party of 12 arrived
We then spent 5 minutes arguing with the very rude manager who basically told us that we could go someplace else if we didn't know when everyone else would arrive
He finally allowed the six of us to be seated but rudely made us promise that we would order immediately and not wait for our fellow party attendees
Only book a reservation here if your friends are punctual and reliable, god forbid one person doesn't end up showing, you may never eat at all
I visited Klong a few weeks ago and had a great experience
I had excellent food and drinks at a very reasonable price
There aren't many place in NYC where you can get a great entree and spend $10
I loved the unique drinks too
Hip atmosphere
I'm sure I'll be back many more times and I've recommended this place to many people
I am an Asian and traveled in Thailand more than few times
With such a high rating, I had a great expectation to taste real Thai
Well, it may be reasonablly priced and cocktails are OK, but food wise this is just an another ethnic food made for general American taste
Don't get green curry - absolutely tasteless
Even 9th Avenue's take-out-only-looking ones do better job
As a thai in the city just for the summer, I was craving THAI
For fear of disappointment, however, I was too scared to try anything! But Klong hit the spot
The food is really authentic! The waiters were very attentive and the desserts - I recommend the khao-tom-mud - were divine! The drinks are amazing too - interesting concoctions you won't find anywhere else - try the frost in a bangkok nightmarket and the ruby of siam
The decor is funky - hip - modern
Great date spot
Great for after work drinks
Great for dinner with friends
Recommend: duck salad, seafood salad, and papaya salad
Not too pricey but pricier in comparison to other st
mark's places (which are VERY VERY cheap) it's a little more
Give it a shot and you'll crave another visit
Was there due to citysearch high marks and only received heinous attitude and service
The manager/owner was rude and unforgiving in the matter of reservations and so forth
As paying patrons, you would expect a bit more decorum but to be yelled at was unforseen and unappreciated
I do hope that the owner learns that customer service is key to a pleasant meal out
My friends and I went to Klong the other night and what a great surprise
I'm taking some friends from out of town again tonight! The food is amazing and where else can you get appetizers for $3
00? Not even a diner!! We had the calamari, ribs, salmon rolls and shrimp rangoon and they were wonderful
I thought my friend that got the fried soft shell crab was going to pick up the plate and lick it! The pad thai was wonderful, the drinks for fabulous, and only $5
00 and the decor looks like the kind of place you'd pay 4 times as much for
How do they do it!!!!
Went there on a Sunday night on the recommendation of a friend, and the food was great! Portions are big, service was fast and friendly, and best of all you cannot beat the value of this place
Two appetizers, two entrees, and two drinks came up to $35
Great list of delicious appetizers, we ordered the satay and curry puffs
Ambience is nice aboth for a date as well as a nite out with friends
Drinks are great, especially if you can make it for happy hour when they're even cheaper
Overall excellent place
a definite must try!!
I've been to Klong twice and was equally impressed both times
During my second visit I sat on the opposite side of the restaurant and noticed the amazing water decor that they have going on along the floor
Klong is modern, chic, and THE FOOD
The food is delicious and reasonably priced
Try the rangoon shrimp, calamari tempura, salmon rolls, or mussels as an appetizer
They all please!! For dinner try a sweet holy basil or garlic dish! Yum! From the bar I love the Phuket after the Rain drink! Klong is FABULOUS!!
I use to go to Spice faithfully and now the best Thai in the village is here! Amazing cocktails
Get the Ruby martini (it has pomegranate in it)
Tuesdays all cocktails were $5 so I went on the right night! The grilled tofu with mushroom appetizer was delicious
Get the Pad Prik Khing dish with Shrimp
Spicy but not overbearing
I don't drink beer but my boyfriend had the Singha beers which were Buy One Get One, Get One Free
I will be back not only because the price was so unbelievable but the atmosphere was just plain COOL and the food was spectacular
Klong is absolutely the place to go when your taste buds have gotten tired of the dry pad thai at Spice
Not only do they also have a slightly cheaper lunch menu, their decor is fantastic
The service is excellent (I ordered a really spicy dish after which my taste buds were on fire, but the waitstaff kept refilling my glass without fail
I LOVE IT! :D
Was the BEST
Love it
The people made me feel at home
the food was great
Will go back many times
DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE
The only problem I had with Klong was that with the candlelight and small text on the menu it was challenging to read, but the entire meal was excellent! From the Emerald Saketini before the apps to the one after the main dish (Thai Stick, hmm)
Go and enjoy!
Finally a great Thai place in the EV
I've been here several times and have never had a bad dish
Their noodle dishes are the best around
The service is sometimes lacking but the food and price definitely outweigh it
I highly recommend this place
In Short Owners Paolo Nozzoli and Michele Di Bari used the Italian word for "finger blistering"--"scottaditto"--in the title of this friendly Italian restaurant on Union Street to summon the idea of food so tempting diners cannot wait for it to cool
The brick walls and wood beams reflect a countryside Tuscan charm
Piping hot menu highlights include: hog jowls, slow-roasted suckling pig, lamb chops, steaks, prosciutto and panna cotta with saffron and vanilla
This Tuscan restaurant is incredible
The food is absolutely delicious! All the time! I've taken so many peole here (family, friends and co-workers) and they've, in turn, gone there with their guests
Scottadito's prix-fixe prices are unheard of for level of cuisine
Owner Paolo is so friendly
My second time there, when my daughter and I asked what specific cold cuts the Affeteti Misti platter consisted of, Paulo pulled up a chair, sat down with us and patiently went over everything! He even lingered a few moments later simply to converse with us!
Went first and tried a meat entree, went again to give the pasta a chance
Totally mediocre on both counts
With so many top-notch restaurants in and around Park Slope these day, this place is a joke
Tremendous disappointment with poorly executed, tasteless small portions and high prices
The octopus appetizer had no octopus! I called the wait staff over to see! No comment from them
The pasta special was well, special, if you like an overcooked glob of gluey noodles and a coagulated cream sauce
We sent it back! Yes, we sent back pasta in an Italian restaurant
The rabbit was boring and tasteless
Shucks
BTW, the restaurant was only half full but dinner took over 2
5 hours to be served to us
Unusual, yes
However, it was equally surprising to see Cash Only on the bill and ATM in basement
C'mon now -- the owner has his own ATM with a 2
50 surcharge instead of paying a Credit Card discount rate
We tried it, but overall, we won't be going back
There simply is much better Italian eating in this neighborhood
