The rock shrimp appetizer is a must have, as are the oysters and salmon skin hand roll
The sushi-sashimi dinner might have been the best I've ever had, and the presentation was gorgeous
The assortment of fish is chef's choice, but the server was quick to ask for any personal preferences I may have
My date ordered the freerange chicken, which I thought was a rather boring choice, but the server informed us that the recipe had just been revamped
After savoring each bite, she simply described it as memorable
This place provided everything you could hope for in an unforgettable date - a peaceful, romantic setting, wonderful service, and delicious food
Can't wait to come back
Hedeh is what you always want in a neighborhood place
Fantastic food, great service and you can always get a table
The only problem is you want to keep it to yourself
But Hedeh is too good not to be shared
The dishes from the kitchen are only matched by the sushi
The food is superb and the sake list is very good
You even have to have to try the sake sangria (trust me)
Appetizers not to ignore are the Oysters, Shrimp and squid and the scallops
The sushi/sashimi entree is flawless and very reasonable
It is good for dates and dinner with friends its not to be missed
Stopped by with a friend and had no idea what to expect
It was amazing sushi! The spicy tuna rolls, shrimp tempura rolls and the toro were amazing! I think this place will do great as the weather gets nicer and people are out and about
It was wonderful food and the ambience will improve as it gets hopping! I think it was great
I went to Hedeh after reading the rave review of the Kummamoto Oysters in Time Out
The oysters were amazing, the service was outstanding, and the food was altogether brilliant!! I recommend going now before the world finds out about this rare gem
The food here is good, the service a little formal, but cordial and willing to answer all questions about the complex menu
I think I'd rather eat in the front bar or sushi bar than a table
As previous reviewer mentioned, just not very full of patrons
Worth a go
everything was excellent - the most authentic new japanese for a long time
cheaper than all the other notable japanese spots, but in no way compromised, infact i'd argue the food is clearly much better
the only drawback is they were empty
they ought to advertize or hire some PR to get customers in the door
Went here to start off my birthday night drinking
The 3$ Monday margaritas were really good
I love mexican food and this place was no exception; everything tasted good
I will definately stop by again when I'm in the area
The food was great and the 'ritas are cheap
But they advertise $3 margaritas on Mondays from 12pm to 12am
It's just not true
They don't even open till 4pm
When I asked the managment why they were still advertising noon they could only repeat over and over that they open at 4pm
So they're clearly not too bright
But, like I said, the food is good
The night life is fun
Just don't plan on any luch meetings with the girls
Over a year ago I went with a friend to Maraca's uptown location for dollar margarita's
My friend and I enjoyed delicious drinks and some of the best guacomole we had tasted
I had wanted to return since that time, but since I live in the East Village and rarely make it above 14th I never did
I was so happy to see that they had opened in the West Village
After attending a march and rally last Saturday my friends and I were in need of some cool air, a nice strong drink, and a bit to eat
Maraca's delivered on all counts
We were seated by an extremely friendly host and served by an understanding and patient waitress
She took time answer all our questions
I had a delicious avacodo/cucumber soup and we shared the fabulous guacomole
The drinks were strong and extremely tasty
This is a great place to begin or end and evening out
Margaritas are good, no question about it
The food isn't as good as some other places
The restaurant has a fun and festive atmosphere, if the food were better I'd be more inclined to return
One of my favorite place lost their liquor license and I'm looking for good Mexican food with margaritas in the neighborhood, I know where to go in Hell's Kitchen but still searching in the Village
I love this place! The Food is Great! The drinks are Stronggggggggg! Try a fresh raspberry margarita - The quesadillas and chimichangas are to die for! We had a birthday party and it was the best!  Joe is a great waiter and shakes a mean maraca! We will be back again soon!
It is tasteless all the way around - gaudy decor, bland food, unimpressive drinks
Enchiladas were awful, rice was undercooked
I will never go back
WATCH THE MARGARITAS! They are SUPER strong - When the tequila disco lights go on you know the party has started! The food was great! Enchiladas fabulous and the Ancho tuna HUGE and well cooked! Margaritas only $3 buck all day and night on Mondays, and I hear a big outdoor cafe is opening soon
This is the NEW Mexican place in Greenwich Village!
As soon as you walk into this restaurant you feel like a good time is going to be had! Everyone is wearing a smile and is having a great time in this hidden find in Midtown
The food is always fresh, the staff very attentive and friendly plus willing to give great recommendations! The margaritas, sangrea and quacamole are a staple here as well as the amazing tequilla selection they stock!
This place has good food and a fun atmosphere
A new option for my mexican cravings!
This is a fun new place in midtown - the perfect spot for a birthday or any party! Cant believe they gave free shots to everyone! Look out for the tequilla disco lights which means free shots!  Great food, decorations and music! OLE!
It's a cute little restaurant that serves wonderful authentic Japanese food
As someone who used to work at Masa NYC and appreciates quality sashimi, and I have to say that you can get great toro here as well without paying $12
00 per piece like you would pay at Masa
Also, you won't have to wait too long since it's a small place
The only less perfect thing is that you will smell like Japanese food after dine in, because the ventelation system is not very good
All in all, I love the place!
The food here ranks up there with the best in the city, not just Brooklyn
Omakase was $35 and came with a very nice and delicious assortment of fresh fish
Only letdown was the tuna tartare which was a bit bland
Everything else was incredible
Service wasn't the most attentive but it's the way I like it, as I don't like to be asked how everything is every 5 minutes
I've been to Taro for lunch whenever business brings me to downtown Brooklyn - maybe once every two months - and the food is soooo good! But I'm often the only person in the restaurant
As infrequently as I go, the waitress always remembers my preferences
The sushi chefs are devoted to their work, even if you only order a lunch special
I only give it an average on atmosphere because I've never been there in the evening, when atmosphere might matter
If you work in the neighborhood, try it for lunch! The eel-rice is especially delicious
I went to this place with another couple and we all were pleasantly surprised by the great food
Staff is very friendly and give good advice
I love this place, sushi is delicious and interesting, not the boring stuff you get from every other place
I order from here 1x a week! and it never gets boring!
Had dinner here at the bar on Saturday night
$25/pp Sushi Omakase
Our spoils:  sliced Monkfish Liver app-delicious each: 1 Toro (tuna belly) 1 Maguro (tuna) 2 Sake (salmon) 2 Hamachi (yellowtail) 2 Unagi (eel) 1 fresh crab (seaweed wrapped) 1 Uni (urchin) 1 Tako (octopus) 1/2 roll Spicy Tempura Shrimp 1/2 roll Spicy Tuna  The pieces were appropriately sized
I don't like big pieces some places serve (Osaka, Yama)
With 11 sushi pieces each, shared rolls, appetizer we were sated and at a good price
For a quicker dinner anothertime I would think about the $30/sushi for 2
The 2 chefs were enthusiastic and our chef's eyes lit up when we requested Uni (my first time, not sure I am a new disciple)
About 1/2 of the 8 seat bar was occupied by Japanese speakers, who seemed to be enjoying their meals also
I will be back for sure
Judt checked this place out and the food was great
The service was also very good
