I have never been served by such a bunch of miserable hard done by staff, and if it wasn't for the wifi I wouldn't bother
The food is good but too expensive ($7 a salad wrap)
What a shame that such a nice place is ruined by surly staff
I think it's time my $40 a week spent there was spent elsewhere
This is a nice place to sit with a laptop, book, friend, etc
The coffee and food are decent (not exceptional, but acceptable); the tea selection is quite good, though
Wifi is free and fast, and counterfolk have always been exceptionally nice
One of my favorite coffee shops in the city
Don't be fooled because there is only ONE electric outlet
So bring your own battery! Isn't it defeat the purpose of having WiFi in the cafe? The vegetarian food is below par and overpriced
Service is ok, don't expect someone to greet you with a smile or say Thank You!
If you want vegetarian/vegan food in the West Village pay this place a visit, but expect to be met by the worst customer service
The person who served me did not say a single word during the entire transaction and her server friend seemed just as tuned out
Shame because the veggie selection looks good, but I will not be going back
It might be an idea for the owners to hire West Village residents not East!
Just when you thought there couldn't be another unbelievable find in the West Village
Snice is a great addition! Perfect place to meet friends for coffee and a bite to eat
Baked goods are yummy too! I can't stay away from their homemade marshmallows! Finally a large enough space for all to enjoy without waiting forever for a seat (even with all the laptop users!)
It was the stuffed panda sitting on a chair on the sidewalk that first lured me in
Then the deer collages, drawings on the walls, and yes, fake orchids
Oh, and the cute waiter in drag? Oh, and the incredible fried lotus root appetizer? Peanut coconut delights? I have returned again and again to tiny Fake Orchid and its delicious byob splendor
It is delectable and strange, and maybe you'll be seated next to a musical santa toy
I love, love, LOVE Fake Orchid! I love it so much that I didn't want to tell anyone at first but I decided I should spread the good word about one of my all time favorite restaurants in the city
For any newcomers or regulars (i
e
me) its like eating in a good friends kitchen
The overall decor is charming, cool, and ever-evolving but most importantly the food is AMAZING
The Red Curry, Pad Thai, Thom Kha soup are all favorites of mine and their Rice Crackers basically own me
Everything on the menu is light yet filing, the prices and portions are just right and as for customer service the ladies who run the place are really sweet and attentive
They cook everything themselves and only a short glass patrician separates you from the open kitchen so you really feel right at home
A+++
If you are tired of greasy, generic thai food or fusion asian fads (whatever that is) you should try Fake Orchid
Unlike many other places in NY, the food at this tiny restaurant taste home-made, the vegetable summer rolls are fresh and the jasmine rice has the aroma it should always have
I had the curry w/ lychees and the papaya salad and both were excellent
The decor is certainly original, it has a tropical kitschy style
very East Village, and the background music is cool too
Fake Orchid has an open kitchen and feels like you are eating as a guest in someone's house
It should be like this everywhere else
If you're craving a fresh, made-to-order burger prepared right before your eyes, this is the place
The burgers are intentionally small and priced accordingly, which allows you to purchase one for a snack, two for a meal and three to get on the road to obesity
The best part is that you can satisfy your hunger without draining your wallet
The coolest thing about this joint is that the burgers are actually good because they'e made with fresh ground beef
The other cool thing is that they're little
So you don't have to commit to a whole burger if you're not too hungry
The retro-minimalist decor is stylish and inviting, and the prices are cheap for the quality
Amazing burger! Really cool palce! I'm not sure if i ate 3 burgers because they were so good or that they only cost $1 a piece
Try this palce out!
Dined here with a friend
Intimate Atmosphere, friendly wait staff
Food was pretty good, and very filling
The food and drinks were great
The service was quick, the actual space and ambiance is very attractive
Defenitely a repeat visit
This place is better than anything in the city for some good Tapas and Sangria
Love it
I had an incredible time at this restaurant, the food was delicious, the service was on the money, the drinks couldn't get better
My only complaint is I wish that I have discovered this place sooner
Defenitely recommend Matador, it was a great suprise!!
Took my family there for Friday night dinner
The service was terrible - we had to ask twice for menus
The waitress was uninterested and kept forgetting our order
Food was average - we tried a variety of tapas, and I've had a lot better in the city
Bad choice for any sort of speical occasions
We've traveled to spain so much and when we need a fix we come in from NJ to Matador
The food is great, great music and one of the best sangrias in NYC!
Great Sangria and happy hour specials
Love the live music on Saturday nights
I was dancing on my seat!!
I love this place
Went with a group of friends for Tapas and drinks
It was awesome! The service, food and atmosphere
Great music! The Sangria and Mojitos were perfect
We drank pitcher after pitcher and the app's were amazing! I think we ordered every app on the menu
Deeelicious!!!!!!!!!! Going back this weekend
I love it!
The food and service is fantastic
I have gone there several times (during the day and night) and I always have enjoyed a great meal and for the price you can't beat it!!!
great people, excellent food, good drinks
what more could you want!! Priced right and you'll 100% be back again
Love this place!! Great food, great drinks, very lively, lots of bar space, the food is amazing
Nice place to go on a date and at the same time, it's perfect for larger groups
We've done some after work happy hours and also celebrated some birthdays here
It's a great addition to the neighborhood
My Boyfriend and I often visit Matador for their delicious food , and Cocktails
The Live Entertainment always makes for a Romantic dinning experience
The service and friendly staff always a pleasure
A MUST GO !!! Beautiful for a summer afternoon Brunch in their outdoor patio
Best Bartender in Town !!! I think his name was Alexis
I loved this place! They have live music, amazing white and red wine sangria and the tapas were really delicious
Everything was extremely affordable
I took my friend here from LA and we had a blast! The bartender was so nice and very cute! Def recommend this place for a fun dinner spot!
Truly a fun time, went there several times this month and everytime I been it has been good
Been there early in the week when it was not so busy and on the weekends when it has been very busy, and I have to say that it really is some good food and a great vibe throughout
Highly recommend this place, it's a cool place
Just don't over do it, it's addictive
Nice ambiance/good scene: pretty good food; but service was very poor
Our waitress didn't return to our large party till over 20 minutes
we went to matador on a weekday night
it was pretty empty, so we got amazing service
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like
