Yes, they at times appear to be short staffed (though the staff have always been friendly, even with the owner yelling at them)
But the food is good and worth it! Just don't expect the formal 2 hour dinner/5 star restaurant treatment, though you wouldn't be able to tell (and shouldn't care) by the delicious food and good portions
If you're going to a restaurant, cafe, etc
, you want a place that you feel comfortable
This place nothing to say to service people, but the owner is walking around, yelling at the people working for him and even sometimes yelling at customer!!! Rude service!Their food is not the best, but the owner's behavior zeros everything
!
I have ordered take out from Sip Sak at least once a week for quite a while, but decided to dine in the restaurant for the first time with a client for a lunch meeting
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table
He was not apologetic and did not even let us finish our drinks
It seems that diners are only allowed 30 minutes from the time they are seated to when they are kicked out
Definitely not a place to have a business meeting or to bring clients
It's been several months since I went here, but hopefully the BYOB policy remains
The waitress we had was incredibly friendly
The food was solid and reasonably priced
The only bad thing is that they don't have a lunch menu, so a cheap dinner will be an expensive lunch, depending on what time of day you go there
This is a beautiful place, including the restroom
Nevertheless
the service
very very very bad! We did not have a reservation, the assist manager informed us that a couple didn't show, and that we could have that reservation
He informed us it was a 5 course meal, VIP seating on the floor under a canopy along with cost of $55 per person
My date and I agreed, had a drink at the bar and waited 15 mins
We were then sat at a table in the back
5 mins later the same manager asked to move us
He put us in View of this long table with atleast 40 people
straight view of rear ends mainly
you know what I mean
our flat bread didn't show until 45 mins later
I voiced my concern to the waiter
he then told us about the BIG 40 person party and that that was the hold up in the kitchen
He apologized, very nice guy, he was new
After the bread, we waited another 20mins! Please note this is a 5 plate meal, at this time it was 1015pm
I told the waiter we are leaving
he then called the manager over
This manager with our next dish in hand appologized emensly, and asked us to stay
I told him no
and he said, fine I tried
ALL and ALL, this ruined my date, fighting and waiting and staring at butts for 1
5 hours
The service was amazing, the food was phenomenal, and the atmosphere was unlike anything I have ever experienced here in NYC
For dates, this is sure to impress and romance even the toughest of critics
We had dinner reservations for 10:30 they were not ready for our party
They asked us to wait in their Bar/Tapas restaurant next-door
At about 11:30 our party was asked to come into the restaurant as our table was ready for us
When we got into the restaurant there was no table prepared for our party; we moved the tables ourselves
It was nearing 12:00am our drink order had not come
Some of our party were getting up to go to the bar to get their own drinks
The new year arrived STILL NO FOOD! It was about 2:00am after having a confrontation with the manager our food was then delivered!  They charged near $800 for four people we paid for our drinks @ the bar! This place itself is nice to look at
the staff management are terrible!
The service is absolutely horrendouse, the food is lousy and overpriced, the only redeeming factor is the decor, but the ambiance was completely spoilt by rude staff and horrible unedible food
Do not go to this restaurant unless you want to ruin your mood!
Terrible service and over-priced
Continously asked waiters for bread they refused to bring it- kept saying we'd have to wait until we ordered! We ordered and still no bread
Also waited forever for drinks
Then about an HOUR later we got the bread
and then more and more bread
but not our appetizers or actual food which didn't come for ANOTHER hour
There was one belly dancer for about 20 minutes
Would never go back
This place has the worst service in all of Manhattan! not to mention a rude and un-attentive staff! we waited an hour to be served bread! despite our pleas of hunger!
and there was a very pregnant woman in our party! the place boasted 'bellydancers but only one appeared for only about 10 minutes-if that! when the food finally did arrive- the staff didn't remember who ordered and it was not good-our friend had to return her overcooked fish
but by the time the food came we were all full on
Bread! when the bill arrived we were shocked to see the $105 dollars we were each expected to pay
I mean this wasn't exactly Le Cirque-
this place stinks!!! if you want a similiar middle eastern theme head downtown to le souk in the east village
that place rules whereas Casa la Femme-should be called casa la Nightmare! I reccomend you stay away!
Never again will I base my judgement of a place thanks to it's decor
Although beautiful inside, the service was horrible
The maitre'd kept staring at my party, trying to get us to leave because another party was waiting
They recommended the tent to me, without even mentioning once that it was accompanied by a prix fixe menu
The rabbit soup looked like something you would feed to an animal
Never again!
My boyfriend and I needed a last minute dinner - something special that wouldn't break the bank, but was romantic and good - Antica Venezia it is
Fantastic service - they give you complimentary appetizers and after dinner drinks, roll out a clean tablecloth after dinner and didn't rush us
The food was great, too
Traditional and tasty
I definitely recommend this for couples (and large parties, as there were many there that night), particularly for last minute reservations
I LOVE this place
Can not say enough good things
have been there no less than 15 times, and had my 25th birthday party there---always a hit
I've taken friends, coworkers, my employer, people of all ages and relationships and I've always recieved wonderful feedback from my guests
This is the best restaurant (let alone Italian restaurant) I have ever been to
I love that it is still a hidden gem! Best date place, best service and absolutely best food!!
The view, the ambiance, and the SERVICE were all incredible
The food was absolutely delicious, and the experience of eating at Antica is beyond words
You will be pampered and taken care of like you're the only patron there, and the staff is gracious and amiable without being pushy or intrusive
A perfect date spot
I have been at this restaurant a few times
The food is excellent, the decor great, the staff is wonderful, and the owners John and Alex are the most wonderful hosts
Make sure to try the pasta with lobster/champagne sauce and the cheesecake!
I had some friends coming in from Australia, and having taken me to a great Italian restaurant when I visited them, I wanted to return the favor
I looked around on citysearch for a place not too far from the theatre we were attending later, and found Antica Venezia
In addition to having excellent food, wine and after dinner liquers, the atmosphere is lovely and the waiters extremely friendly and helpful
The only drawback is the location - make sure you have cash before you go - I had to hike quite a bit to find an ATM (stupid on my part)
Antica Venezia has done the impossible! They have imported authentic, not fusion Italian food to NYC and done it perfectly! The food is enhanced by the perfect ambiance and impeccable service
The view ain't bad either!  Rather than being a negative, their out-of-the-way location is actually a huge plus! If the place were further uptown, the tourists would find it and really screw things up
Antica Venezia is my new favorite place!
I went for a friend's birthday dinner with a large group and no expectations
I was totally wowed by the delicious food, and the over-the-top friendly service
The atmosphere was cozy, with a roaring fireplace and homey decor
But what really stands out is the food
