certain menu items were too pricey for what's offerred
Now this is great chinese food and the room is simply beautiful
I would highly recommend this place for any occasion
I've been to many top restaurants in New York, yet my experience at Xing was right up there with the heavy hitters
The food and wine alone are incredible, but the service was so friendly and helpful
Xing is a solid winner for lunch or dinner
Excellent!
Very good food and not too expensive
They lost our reservations and the manager quickly came over and apologized and then gave us a free round of drinks and free dessert
That is a good way to show customers that they are appreciated
I def recommend it
I have gone to Xing 3 times, with different people
We have had excellent experiences every time
The crispy shrimp is phenomenal and the drinks just yummy! The portion sizes are large; sharing a few entrees with a group is a good idea
The restaurant itself is lovely
I would definitely recommend this place--it is the best Chinese I've had in New York! It's a STAR!
As 9th avenue is emerging, Xing is a welcome spot for giant, inventive martini's
The decor is club like
Good place to meet before going out
I have gone to Xing a few times now, and I have to say- the food is unbelievable
The cold green bean salad is probably the best I have ever had
It's great to have such a beautiful and fantastic restaurant right in my own neighborhood!! My only complaint is the service
They are extremely slow and FULL of attitude
All in all, however- it is a great date place, and I highly reccomend it despite the mediocre( at best) service
The decor is gorgeous
The food undeniably yummy
The service is friendly but not pushy
Highly recommend the BBQ Spare Ribs
Just ask for extra hot mustard
The Seared Tuna salad is divine! I found a new happy hour place close to work! :-)
I just moved to Hell's Kitchen and discovered this new restaurant
We loved our appetizer so much that we ended up just ordering tons of appetizers to eat for the night
Wow! Try the shrimp and crab appetizers - they are the best! We also loved the decor - very well designed
This is a definite place to check out
Try to get seated in the back room -- it has a great romantic feel to it
the food was great, drinks a little slow with the bartender not having a barback but the clientele in the restaurant makes you look around
well worth the visit just for your own pizza with tons of styles to choose from, had three that night
I rarely ever go to a pizza joint and not like the pizza
but this place was pretty awful
From the service (we waited 10 minutes to even get silverware and asked for what we wanted to drink) and the food (pizza never tasted so bland), this is the first bad review I've ever given
its kinda like a tacky fast food European pizza place
from the outside it looks nice but once u sit inside it really just reminds u of a slightly more upscale Sbarro's
might as well go eat there and get more value for what you pay!!
Everyone's right: the gnocci legnano is heavenly
Pizzas are really really REALLY good, and our group had great service despite the typical difficulty we present! I think I'll go tomorrow to get some more of that pasta
Do they have delivery?
Fun, hip, eurotrash-lite atmosphere w/ good pizza, very fresh salads, and a full bar
The service is very friendly, a little spacy, but helpful
Good place for big groups and informal gatherings/birthday parties
Check it out
We've eaten here 4 times in the last month and we are always extremely pleased
The pizzas are excellent and affordable and having Piola's 4-cheese gnocci is the most orgasmic experience you can have in public!
I live just around the corner from Gen and finally tried it for the first time a few weeks ago and it was not at all what I was expecting
I've eaten in lots of sushi places around the city but this place stands out
From the moment I walked in I was impressed
The atmosphere is perfect, the staff genuine and sweet, and the food most importantly is delicious and well priced
My friend and I feasted on a delicious eel roll, a tempura roll, yaki udo, and a few other things and we each spent only $24
It was a bargain
It's my new favorite restaurant!
This is the BEST Japanese food in New York
leave alone Brooklyn
Gen is perfect for a date, reconnecting with your friends
or trying out some unique sushi
the Rastaman rolls are my favorite
The chefs and servers are extremely coridal and friendly, which makes the experience better!! The atmosphere is pefect
it is brooklyn at heart, and def
makes you want to come back for more! Definately needs to be supported!
I LOVE THIS PLACE
hands down, the tastiest, freshest, highest quality sushi i've ever had
believe me, i've tried a lot in this city! real attention to detail
the presentation is beautiful
unique daily specials
affordable prices
i can't say enough about this place
it's worth the trek out to prospect heights for this food! the service is great too! you won't be dissappointed
i would eat here every night if my wallet allowed!
A place like this definitely deserves support
It's not run-of-the-mill sushi
As someone who feels that 95% of sushi places around (especially in Brooklyn) are exactly the same, which is to say, mediocre, Gen has honestly always struck me as a cut above the rest
The chefs seem to pay special attention to detail and presentation, and there are always some interesting options on the Specials
The service and value have always been great, but as more people discover this neighborhood gem we'll have to see what happens
As a New Yorker that loves a good Philly Cheesesteak, I am in heaven knowing that the best Philly style sandwiches are right here in NYC! Last year, I travelled to Philadelphia by bus just to eat a cheesesteak so I am definitely a cheesesteak afficianado
Having tried Pat's King of Steaks, Jim's Steaks in Philly and Carl's Steaks in Midtown (all of which were excellent), Tony Luke's beats them all! I had the cheesesteak with wiz and the roast pork w/mozarella
Both sandwiches were made to order, very juicy, great cuts of meat, generous portions, perfect hero bread
Loved the cheesesteak but the roast pork sandwich was #1 in my book
- Trust me I lived in Philly for years and nothing else in the city compares
Growing up Philly, I was surprised to hear that my favorite sandwich shop had opened in NYC
After tasting a cheese steak, the roast pork italian, and chicken cutlet italian, i was shocked! They all had the same delicious taste as the Original Tony Lukes on Oregon Ave in Philadelphia
The only thing missing was the accents of the employees when they yell out your order
There is nothing even close to Tony Lukes in NYC! I highly recommend this place
I don't understand these glowing reviews
The food's all right, at best, but the attitude of the workers/owners is annoying, like they're doing me a favor for inadequately heating the lasagna
The main courses are good, but the sides are worth leaving behind
Combined w/ the attitude, it's just not worth it
The food, the atmosphere, and the store appearance are just a small number of the things that make Lucsious Foods a great place to eat and a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!
The soups are one of my many favorites, next is the secret spread (I put it on all my sandwichs), olives, salads, spoon cornbread (oh the guilt), chocolate chip cookies (more guilt), irish cheddar cheese
I'll stop now, I'm getting hungry
The ladies are great, the store is airy and fun
I'm from the other side of Bklyn and I travel to the store weekly, and enjoy it
I cannot rave enough about this place: One-stop shopping for takeout and gourmet items on 5th Ave
