And don't let the large portions keep you from ordering dessert - the tiramisu is the best around!
Can I complain? NO!! I have nothing to complain about this place
I went there last summer before my 21st birthday bash(yeah I know its late but I wanted to pay back for their great service
good Karma) after finding it on this page
Everything that I read about was true
Great food? Check! Great interior? Check! Great Price? check! Great Food?Check! Great serivice? CHECK! The people there were so nice, cordial, and attentative
I'm from Japan where service is imaculate and these people lived up to my standards
I wish them nothing but the best and I would go back there anytime for good food and service
In addition, they congratulated me on turning 21 and they were the sweetest people
Almost every staff came over and congratulated me with a big smile
I find these small things as a result of great training regiment coming from the top of the management and then bottom of their hearts
All of this coming from a straight guy, you know your lady will thank you over and over and over
if you take them there for a romantic date
Highly recommend
This place is one of my all-time favorites
It has any kind of Asian food you're in the mood for, from sushi to Thai
The food is incredibly reasonable, esp
for NY
The dish I usually get is $8! It's immaculately clean and inviting, and the staff is very attentive
There has never been any waiting when I've been there
I almost want to write a bad review to keep people away (lol), but the restaurant definitely deserves the business
Highly recommended!
Fusia is the place to eat
The beef sate appetizer the kind of dish that makes you wish you were hungry all over again
The service is very friendly and attentive without being annoying - the waiters let you eat in peace but are always ready with a refill or the check
The ambience is right - simple but romantic enough for a nice date
The menu is diverse enough to accompate a wide range of tastes and palates
while I was waiting on my order I realized I'd love to try any one of the dishes others had ordered
Bottom line - Fusia was a wonderful find in the middle the city and I will definitley return - highly reccommended
My classmates and I always go there
This place tastes so good that no matter what culture you are from, you can find yourself a tasty dish
Great food, great service and good atmosphere for a nice conversation over dinner
The shrimp, chilean sea bass and sesame chicken were delicious
What a great find
The picture from their website didn't do justice on the place
The place is a lot nicer in actuality
Great food, great service to top it all off it comes in a very reasonable price
The royal beef the broiled Chilean Sea Bass were superb
The website should be updated with more photos
The dinner menu on the website should probably be updated too
I didn't find the Vietnamese Grilled Pork Chops on the dinner menu
I went with a party of 14 and we were all satisfied
I searched for Fusia here on Citysearch and found the other reviews to be right on the money!! This restaurant was an absolute treat to dine at
From the moment my girlfriend and I entered the door (which was opened with a smile and bright Hello!) we were treated top notch
We were sat immediately
The scene was absolutely romantic and we got to enjoy our meals over time and were never rushed
Multiple Enjoy your meals and How is everything? from the staff
There was nothing but smiles on every single staff member
The prices were incredibly reasonable, and worth every dime
The meals were marvelous
Very Highly recommended!
After a long day of shopping at Bloomies, we were looking to eat somewhere good that wasn't too pricey
We found that and more at Fusia
The food was delicious and the service was first rate! We will definitely be back again!!!
I brought my Mom here for Mother's Day and came with friends
I also order from here for lunch quite often
The food is delicious and the service is great on top of that
The decor is nice as well
Definitely a great change in this era of fast food Asian cuisine places
Try it!
Went to Fuscia Asian Cuisine (not to be confused with Fuscia on 2nd) and had a delightful experience
The food was good, service was prompt, and the place overall has a nice ambiance
Definitely a must try for Thai food lovers ! The fried banana dessert was delicious
I got to the Duck Noodles lunch special and found the price extremely reasonable
My friend got the Pad Thai and the other guy got fried fish
Both of the plates looked great
The service was pretty good
The only goof up was I asked for a ginger ale and was given a Diet Pepsi
It was quickly corrected
It was pretty busy when I went there, so it might be hard to have a quiet conversation
The house specials are an excellent twist on Asian Cuisine with just a little pinch of spice
I highly recommend the Fusia Sushi Roll, and the Spicy Shrimp
This place is great
I went to met a friend of mine that I haven't seen in a while, and the staff was so pleasant and didn't rush us out the door
The wait staff and manager, Steve, are both very friendly and do there best to insure repeat customers
The food and atmosphere are so comfortable that you forget how long you spent in their
Definitely a spot I'd go back to
There aren't many restaurants that combine outstanding food, ambience, service, and value, but Fusia Asian Cuisine does! First and foremost is the food, which was delicious
The menu offered a variety of Chinese, Japanese, and Thai dishes, varying from the traditional to the innovative
The food combined subtle flavors with just the right level of spiciness
The portions were generous, the decor was pleasant, and the wait staff was attentive
Steven Chin's focus on pleasing the customer permeates through the staff
It's not much of a challenge to find outstanding food in Manhattan
What sets Fusia Asian Cuisine apart is that outstanding food is available at a reasonable price, in a pleasant surrounding, served by a staff that is focused on customer satisfaction
One logistical note: although the address is Lexington Avenue, the entrance is on 56th St
, just east of Lex
Fusia offered a diverse asian menu at very reasonable prices and the service was impeccable! For my friend's birthday, they surprised him with a dessert, candle, and singing
Overall, great place to eat and relax plus no waiting or loud crowds
So where can you go to find a great Fusion Asian restaurant that has it all? Look no further
Steven Chins Fusia Asian Cuisine offers great food, ambiance, and service at very affordable prices
With an experienced chef as a partner, dont hesitate to indulge yourself in a variety of dishes
There was no waiting
The dcor was inviting with high ceilings and tables were well spread out
We tasted garlic grilled eggplants, Thai calamari, honey grilled short ribs, mango shrimp salad, and chicken sui mai
Each dish had its own unique flavor which went well with the continuously heated sake
Can you get all this at another Manhattan restaurant? Dont think so
As a surprised New Yorker, I felt this restaurant really earned this kind of review
So broaden your palate and treat yourself like a king where smiling waiters outnumber customers
Say hello to Steven for me
My wife and I found this hidden gem in Fusia on 56th st
