If you're lucky you'll get water before you leave and a refill of coffee is hard to come by
I think that the idea behind this Sarabeths is stuff in as many as you can and who cares how comfortable they are
What's a lost customer or two? The owner is completely disinterested in any problems, compliments or anything
Obviously he never heard the words, the customer is always right! Stay Away!!!!!!!!! Order in Bagels!
Totally Fantastic!! A must do for lunch or dinner int he park
doesn't look like much passing when passing by but appearance belies everything in this case
first booty buns will catch your eye -- substantial yet strangly tender breads (almost like portugese sweetbreads) filled with dulce de leche, nutella, guava, etc
and dusted in sugar
FABULOUS! then you spot a large assortment of other savory and sweet baked goods ( cheese rocks, insanely good fresh ground corn patty/fritter thing, scones, etc
)
next come cakes so moist and rich looking it is sick
and just when you think there could be no more: you spy the sandwiches
oh my
the bread is fresh and thick cut
fillings fresh and tasty
all so cheap
all DIVINE
The food is great, everything has it's unique flavour
Place is very clean and the staff is friendly
I recently asked them to cater for my office, and I was glad I did
The food arrived on time and everything was fresh
I would highly recommend this place
Excellent reasonably priced wraps and platters
I call ahead fr my office, they have my sandwich made when i get there
I have dined several times at Tre dici, and am a follower of the Fanelli duo, Chef Fanelli and his brother Frank
As Chef Fanelli dazzles us with his pure talent in the kitchen, brother Frank never fails to dazzle all inthe dining room
The food, service and atmosphere of Tre Dici are what continues to draw me back
Chef Fanelli prepares food that will absolutly please any palette and have you wondering whats for desert! Good luck to the both of you and I would highly recommend Tre Dici for anyone who wishes to be absolutely content with their choice!
I've always had an outstanding experience at the Tre dici
It s becoming one of my favorite places to go in the city
The food is exceptional each time
I enjoy that you can come here for a casual or formal occassion
Try the Veal chop
its out of this world!
We often go here, because it is, by far, the best restaurant in a 10 block radius of where we live
The food is excellent, reasonable and the service is great
We go here 1-3 times a week
The waiters, bartenders, and hostesses are warm, friendly and very attentive
I never fill out these citysearch things, just read them, but I am loyal to this restaurant for the above reasons
It may be a little out of the way for other chelsea residents, but is a low-key, friendly place with exceptional italian food, good service and very reasonable prices
My only criticism, and its not important, is that they had these tall/bar-sized tables and chairs in the front and replaced the with regular sized tables chairs, which I am guessing most patrons perfer since now that area is usually full, instead of just the back of the restaurant
No room at the bar and nowhere to stand
The food, however, is very fresh
Try the Ricotta Gnocchi -- it's unbelievable
If you don't have to wait for your table, it's a delicious experience -- although a bit pricey
There aren't very many restaurant of this quality in this area so it makes tre dici a better find!
Ranks very high on my list for favorite Italian places
There isn't one negative thing I could say about this restaurant
I have been there several times and it never disappoints
The dinner offered many tantalizing options, from which it was truly difficult to choose
The service and staff were excellent: accomodating, helpful and charming
Try it
its a NYC must!
After reading all the wonderful reviews about this restaurant my fiance and I felt this may be the place for us
Once we arrived we were met by the most wonderful people
Frank the waiter was an absolute delight as well as jessica and the rest of the staff
They all were very accomodating, informative, pleasant and friendly
While taking in all that the restaurant pleasantly had to offer we eagerly had dinner
All we can say is DELICIOUS! Every meal was better than the last
From start to finish this restaurant was amazing, we highly recommend it for whether it's a simple get together with friends or for just a nice cozy romantic evening
You won't be disappointed!!!
My husband and I were looking for a cosy romantic neighborhood place on tuesday, which was my birthday
Having passed by tre dici we decided to give it a try
I had recently read about its great pizza and homemade pasta
We skipped the pizza, headed straight for the homemade pasta and unbelievable fish, and WOW was I impressed
The service was thoughtful, generous (for the special occasion at hand) and wonderfully attentive without being overbearing
Though some decor is over the top, it has great ambient lighting and lots of spots for a romantic meal- you won't feel like you are on top of your neighbor
Went to tre dici one night of the strike (thinking it would be dead like the rest of the neighborhood) and it was amazing! Tre dici was alive, packed and full of energy and provides delicious Italian food
Add a wonderful ambiance, impeccable service, and an overall great dining experience
Out of a party of five people, none of them had anything negative at all to say about any part of the night
As a matter of fact, they couldn't stop raving
All agreed it was some of the best Italian food New York has to offer
Top it all off with perfect
perfect Crepe dessert
And, while you obviously go for the food, it's the service that keeps you coming back
I have been to Tre Dici several times and I have never had a negative experience
The food brings a warm feeling to my heart
The service is great and he's cute to boot
I highly recommend Tre dici to all of my friends and family whenever they are in the city
You won't be disappointed
I cant wait to go back!!!!!!
I was thrown a last minute work dinner and had NO CLUE where to take my client
I quickly jumped on City Search and decided to give this place a shot
WHOAAAA between the beautiful decor, attentive wait staff, and delectable menu this place is worth every dime! Its really a hidden treasure
You will not find your every day chicken parm here if you want authentic, beautifully prepared, FINE Italian cooking swing by this place you will NOT be disappointed
The Butternut Squash Ravioli was phenomenal and the presentation
gorgeous
I was particularly fond of the creative way they bring you your check
you'll see
Be sure to ask Frank where he got his Bill Holders :-) Good luck Westchester boys this place is great!
What a wonderful place to dine!!!! The place conveys cozy all over!! The booths are beautiful and make you feel right at home!! Small but spectacular!! The food is delectable!! The homemade ravioli is deelish
I have been there quite a few times and have tried a variety of dishes presented on the menu
The homenade gnocchi is so light and fluffy
Sometimes, with gnocchi, they can be heavy and weighted, but not here!! And the risotto? There are no words
Cooked to perfection, the flavor explodes in your mouth!! The brick oven pizzas are thin, and crispy like they should be!! The various fish available are quite tasty as well
The staff is very accomodating and gracious
I must say, I have dined all over NYC, this is without a doubt one of my favorites
I highly recommend it to all
You will not be disappointed
Go Chef Fanelli!!
