The sexy waiter suggested the Pineapple Basil ( I Know is sounds yucky, but MMMM) Martini
DELISH!!!! The bartenders are SEXY (both male and female), The Owners did not know us from a hole in the wall, but by the end of the night, there were our best of friends (As they were to everyone else in the lounge)
Everyone was wonderful, friendly and the ambience music is GREAT!!
I Cant wait to go back
PS
ladies
the BOUNCERS ARE SEXY FRIENDLY!
I've been to Ludo a few times since it opened and I love it! The drinks are delish! (esp the mango daquiri!!)
The crowd is a little trendy, but not too much
It's fun to look at! The music is great and there is plenty of room to dance and it's not nearly as crowded as most clubs
Also, the atmostphere was great for couples or a date, but I love to go with friends
Basically, I always enjoy myself there and have a great night
I haven't tried the food, but I hear it's quite tasty! Oh yes, and the bartenders are very good looking!
I have to admit that I was sort of skeptical in trying out this new spot called Ludo
Had never heard of it before, and it was waaaaay downtown! My close friend had invited me for drinks (in her neighborhood), and i thought 'what the heck!' -- i'll trek down there for a change of scenery! I'm so glad i did
I had the BEST time! The staff was so friendly and anticipated my needs before i could even ask for anything
The music was great, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was energetic laid back at the same time
No put-ons here, just authenticity on every level
I've been talking about this place to co-workers friends since last Sat
nite
If you come in see a 5-foot-6 redhead shaking her tail drinking Ludo's signature sangria, come say hello!!! :)
Decided to check this restaurant out and made an 8:30 pm reservation for 3 ladies
From the minute you enter LUDO you can see that was a special place
There is a lounge/bar area when you enter and come to a beautiful staircas to go down to the restaurant which has a reflective blue water-like light
There are plenty of tables downstairs
The food was excellent (but pricey)
The waiters and staff were friendly and not stuffy at all as you would expect
We will be back in a few weeks with more friends!!!
I recently experienced Ludo at 1st 1st, and i could not believe how amazing this place was! I was with a date and we both were blown away!!! The hosts waitstaff were beautiful, polished friendly
They knew the menu well and What A Menu!!!!! Exotic dishes presented with flair and creativity
I'm a vegetarian there was plenty of interesting tasty dishes to choose from
my favorite is the porcini pastry!!! If you're a mushroom lover, you must order this!!! The D
J
came on at 10pm and we were all singing by the bar
it was like a big party with yr best friends! FYI: Don't tell my boyfriend, but the owners are HOT!!!!!!
We went for dinner one night on a lark, and found out that Chez Es Saada had closed! Well, the new owners certainly did a wonderful job of [cleaning it up] and modernizing it
The food was quite good; sticking with that French/Moroccan menu
Definetly good for a first date or some lounging
My roommate and I randomly went into Ziggiz about 6 months ago and were told to try the steak burrito
It was awsome! I'm pretty sure that most weekends we either order the steak burrito and fries or we at least talk about doing it
The staff there is very friendly and the food is great
I don't mind trekking over to Ziggiz because at 4 in the moring their burgers really hit the spot
The prices are extremely reasonable and the food is made to order
What else can you really ask for at that hour in the morning?
My friend had her birthday party at MY MOON
We all had a great time
The waiter was superb, food was delicious, LOVED grilled calamari salad, crab cigars and mussels were yummy
Prices are very reasonable
The garden is amazing, nice and relaxing
Everyone was very friendly, they all sang happy birthday to my friend
Mojitos were delicious
Short subway ride from manhattan and it will be worth it
This place is amazing! I had frriends from out of town coming, and I read a review about My Moon on Citysearch, so I took a chance, and it actually exceeded my expectations
The architechture and designs of this place is amazing! The waitress was a dream, and the food was delicious! You cannot leave without trying the hummus and crab cigar appettizers
The drinks were well mixed, and never stopped flowing, and the best part is the prices were reasonable
If you live in the city, it's worth the trip!
One of my friend told me about this place and I went there few times
Food is delicious, server was friendly and attentive, music is great, cozy atmosphere, I cannot wait to go there spring or summer time, outside garden would be perfect for summer nights
LOVE THE DECOR
But such problems every time! Calamari-soggy and undercooked
THey were apologetic, replaced the order for free, only the second one was just as bad! Hummus plate-ok, but they give you 1 piece of bread a person, so you keep flagging down the bread guy! I ordered a vodka soda (simple), the waiter brought tanquery tonic
When I finally got his attention and pointed it out, he quickly returned with
ANOTHER tanquery and tonic
Couldn't believe it! He got my drink order right the 3rd time, 20 minutes later, and took that off the bill
Similar story with dinner orders, although great filet mignon
Belly dancing show was cool
Food hit or miss, but when its good, its great
The staff really needs to get it together, some of the most careless service I've ever experienced
Almost unbelievable
But overall, I do still like this place
We loved it - romantic/industrial, great service and food
I was with someone from Istanbul and we'dgo back this summer for fish/raki on the gorgeous/spacious patio
We shared 3 apps: borek (fried 'cigars' with feta/dill/parsely filling, hot and crunchy outside, smooth warm herb cheese inside, a Turkish staple), the My Moon salad, and we tried the more spanish app of red peppers stuffed with cheese and sausage in a green sauce that we thought was cilantro/mint based
The previous Turkish chef we were told is gone; nowthere is a Spanish chef and so the Turkish desserts and coffee have been replaced by delicious but not Turkish desserts (mousse, crepes, etc
) and by espresso
We ate the lamb shish entree and the grilled shrimp entree and both were both big enough and delicious
The variety of the menu is super but not truly a Turkish menu, more of a Mediterranean vibe
The best thing about My Moon is definitely the space
the decor
and the vibe
I went there during the summer and we sat outside on the patio
under the flowing tent like set up
It was romantic-with this atmosphere, drinking the white wine sangria
However, the sangria was watery
The food, was very exotic--and good
It was a bit pricey though
The staff was very attentive
Overall it was a great experience
There's a new night at My Moon that just started up featuring live Mid-Eastern music with tribal and cabaret belly dancers
Wednesday's from 8pm until late No Cover! They're doing a free bellydance class at 8pm live music by Djinn starts at 8:45
I went last week and there's a lot of open dance time
Tribal belly dance is really new on the east coast and this is the first night to feature it on an ongoing basis
I went last week, there was no cover and the food and drinks were excellent, the place has a really nice vibe and the crowd was great
Not pretentious, just mellow and people wanting to have fun
Most places with belly dance and live music charge a fortune just to walk in so this night will definitely be a regular one for me
Our family (total of 7, ranging in age from 16 to 65) went to My Moon on Sunday night
What a wonderful evening we had
The ambience is terrific with candles everywhere
We ordered various appetizers and entrees
Everything was beautifully presented, delicious and authentic, so much that we felt like we were in Turkey! The Turkish coffee is a must
