I had one of the best mojitos I've ever had, period
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked
I come to this place very often after work with my cowoker and we love it
I'm hooked to their frozen margaritas and their quesadillas
I had what was possibly the best mojito I've ever had even better than the one I had in Miami!!! The place is soo cool lots of great decor great service and kick ass drinks!! Unfortunetly we didn't get a chance to eat there (we'd already eaten) but the chips salsa were good! I was about to ask if my grandma was in the kitchen makin it!!LOL!! Was fortunate to meet the entire Florencia 13 familia that day! Pops was a RIOT!! Lots of great stories and culture from the good old days in LA! If you get the chance go! U won't regret it! We had soooo much fun! Can't wait to try the food when we go back to NYC in December
great, great place
ambience is great, the owners were there asking how we liked our meal
which we really did liked the price too
we got the hard-shelled tacos, which were really really good
the kind of true hard-shell taco that doesn't crack in your hand on the first bite, we'd recommend the steak over the chicken tho
great beans rice sides
great part of town
totally cheap
it's very good, very authentic
but the service was very poor, sadly
we sat there for 10mins before someone approached us
but do go, youll like it
I found this place accidently while was walking back to my apartment in the SOHO/Greenwich Village district
The food here was so good i ate their twice before heading back to Los Angeles
The food is truely authentic, and not greasy or sloppy like a lot of mexican restaurants in New York
The owner Ralph is a real great guy who will occasionally will greet you himself to the restaurant
If your a big Mexican food fanatic like I am, be sure to take a stroll down sullivan street in Greenwich Village and pay a visit to this one of a kind Mexican restaurant in NYC
A cozy southern mexican joint
Super friendly owners, food was tastey and light unlike other heavy mexican food
Went with a friend and sat outdoors and chatted with the owner, Ralph
Good collection of tequilas as well!
Excellent authentic LA mexican food (we Angelenos had to travel to NYC to find food this good); food you can enjoy, savor; rice was perfect; real beans, not mushy stuff; flan was heavenly (and I don't typically like flan); parfait was great; flaming margaritas unique and delicious
I can't say enough except if you want good food, good company, good atmosphere, good times--then this is the place!
Being from Arizona, I know my Mexican food
The owners of this great little restaurant make the words Mi casa, Su casa really ring true
Not only were the Chili rellenos better than any I've had in the southwest, they were made from fresh Anaheim chilis (Real southwest style) and generous in size
The rice and beans were homestyle and delicious
I would highly recommend this place to any other visitors from the southwest who may be a little homesick for good mexican food and dont forget to try the Flaming Margerita made by Leonard
I will be sure to include Florencia 13 in any future plans to visit NYC
Thank you Ralph and Rina! For the warm welcome and wonderful food
This is the real thing! Finally, Chicano cuisine and atmosphere in the big apple
The food is excellent, the space is smooth, the people become your family
the whole experience rides a little lower, slower, and deeper
As a South Califas native, I suggest you dump those fake NYC buritto spots and head on over to Florencia 13 for the real thing
Do you know what Chicano is?
Someone finally understands that there is a difference between Cali Mexican and what we have been led to believe is Mexican cuisine in NYC
As a transplant from Los Angeles, I no longer feel I have to go back to Cali to get my Mexican food fix
As much as I would like to keep this place a secret, I also would like for this restaurant to stay around for the long haul
I know they will as long as they keep dishing out their delicious home-cooked recipes
What a previledge to live only 2 blks away from this great S
Cali Mex restaurant! The service was great---the owners and the staff made us feel comfortable and part of their family
They go the extra mile to introduce themselves and provide you with the most pleasant experience possible
The food was delicious---Tacos al pastor where very tasty and their beans/rice was just like my grandma's cooking!
I was born and raised in a mexican family in Los Angeles
Florencia 13 is about as close as you are going to get in NYC for that SoCal Mexican food I grew up cooking and eating
Rice is probably as close to my family recipe as I've ever had (including LA joints)
I will definately be here at least once a month
The most authentic Mexican I've had in NYC
The tacos al pastor were the best I've had outside of Mexico City
Friendly, family run
I am born and raised in the heights and we were missing BBQ all these years
this place should really only be a takeout joint, which it mostly is as the dining area is very small
But if you place an order it arrives quickly and is always wonderful! Great Carolina pulled pork, by far the best YAM french fries and MAC and Cheese is excellent
This place is wonderful and a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
I ordered from this establishment for a private party (Superbowl Party) I was hosting
While placing my order with one of the owners, an order was brought back by one of the delivery people for the owner to review
He inspected it and excused himself briefly to address his kitchen staff
I inquired about this, and he responded that he takes the the quality of his food seriously
His establishment routinely requests food be returned to the restaurant if the customer is disatisfied so that he may point out the problems to the staff and rectify it for fututre orders to ensure it does not happen again
Likewise, if packaging is an issue for delivery (food doesn't stay fresh or warm), it can be addressed
I found this dedication refreshing
The party was a hit and everybody loved the food
Huge portions, great price, great attitude!
The customer service is horrible at this place
My husband and I ordered delivery and not only was it wrong, but when I called they didn't even want to rectify the situation
They asked me to bring my food back and exchange it for the right order
Can you believe that?! What kind of restaurant says that? They did agree to come back eventually, but when they did, they asked for the original order - were they going to serve it to someone else? Why would they want it back? AND not only that but they called to harass me! I've never felt so horrible about a restaurant experience EVER
All of this and the food was not even good!!! I strongly recommend skipping this place!
The food in The Heights leaves a lot to be desired (save for Noodle Pudding) so i think some may over-rate this place
Let's say it's solid yet hit-or-miss
The burger is very good - although it was better when they used to serve it on an english muffin
The ribs are very good too -- but it depends on the day
Sometimes the dry rub is 'caked' on
The Mac and Cheese is exellent and so are the mashed w/ gravy and greens
PIG N OUT has some of the best collard greens and corn bread I have ever eaten
The Pull Pork is out of this world and the side of Sweet potatoes fries are addicting
You can't stop at one
Now on to the ribs, they really good just enough smoke with out making it too overwhelming, a bit more would make then great
The smoke chicken on the other hand needs no adjustment
I have actually stopped cooking chicken and just pick one when ever my family and I are in the mood for chicken
ALL and ALL, I truly like the food at PIG N OUT
When I first saw the restaurant I immediately felt a warm and inviting feeling
the colors and lighting made it very welcoming
and it only got better from there
when we walked in you could just smell how good the food was going to be !!
The friendly and attractive staff was very accommodating and made us feel very comfortable
Me and my partner were seated by the window which gave us nice view of the neighborhood walking traffic
all the tables were occupied and yet you felt very comfortable and not in each others business
The Chef and co-owner Roderick Marino put together a sample platter
which included
Carolina pulled pork, collard greens, pork spare ribs served with grilled corn and sweet potato fries
AMAZING !!!
and the portions are huge
I am taken back by the food, especially by the ribs, collards greens and the great mac and cheese
I was not a big meat eater, but after tasting the ribs, brisket and chicken I have loved it ever since
