The bar is great, with two cute bartenders
This place is terrific in the morning during the week, from 8am until they serve dinner you can just come in and have a cup of coffee or eat breakfast or lunch
I like this addition to what was a dull, dead corner
I went there on Monday for the 1st reading in the back room
It was still on construction, but, boy, this glass roof room will be wonderful
Althought there was no microphone the accoustic was great
We could easily imagine, as soon they start the jazz there, how it will sound! Fantastic! The food was delicious and not too pricy for starving artists
I went back the next day for lunch, the experience was delightful!
I moved next door to this restaurant
I can't cook eggs, but like them so much
This restaurant was made for me
I have my breakfast there almost every morning
They open @ 8 am! And I feel lazy, I call them to place my order, then 5'/10' later I come to pick it up! Love that! Great for lunch, brunch and dinner too
Good food 'til 2 am! I'm waiting for the jazz!
I just don't recommend this place at all
It was a completely frustrating and totally below average meal
No, It was a meal that had I been born with a different personality, I would have caused a scene at the restaurant
It sucked
I had the brunch
bad coffee, mini muffin, cold eggs florentine (with the poached egg hard on the inside!!), god awful stuck-up waiter, and very small portions
It took over an hour to get our food
and then it was cold, and simply poorly cooked and designed
My friend's omelette was shrivled and cold
brown, soggy, small
Also, the bathroom was out of service
The waiter makes my top ten worst ever list
or maybe me knew the food was crap and stopped caring
Night and Day just opened and, boy, I'm I glad a classy yet laid back placed like this finally arrived to my neighborhood
Though the glass and aluminum store front doesn't give you the right impression right away, inside the space is airy and elegant (and there's some great outdoor seating - though when we there it was far too humid, and luckily all French doors were closed)
We had the organic chicken breast and the spinach fettuccine, and everything tasted delicious
Their extended wine menu looks really interesting with lots of nice options by the glass (we loved the Sauvignon Blanc!)
The service is professional and personable and we'll sure be back soon
42 and some odd dollars? For bad coffee, ineffiicient service in a place that had two tables occupied?   Cold food? Big space but crammed together tables?  A hostess who should realize that yes, its unfortunate, but she has to work? rude? But bitter?  Place will close?  In six months?
I read a decent review of this place
I live down the street
I checked it out
Ho-hum, that's what I have to say
It's basically an overpriced, generic looking, pasta joint
My simple cocktail, a vodka soda, was mostly soda and had no lemon or lime in it; and it was mostly ice cubes
The pasta dish I tried was $17 and it was so bland and unmemorable, that I really don't remember exactly what it was supposed to be
The service was more or less efficient, but also bland and blase
Perhaps Park Slope is the place that could support a boring restaurant, but with so many brilliant choices up and down 5th avenue I just cannot see why, or how
This bar has come a long way since I went there after it first opened last summer
Then it was just a few people, a couple of picnic tables, some cheap beer and hot dogs, an incredible view and a sea of potential
Now the word is spreading, and everytime I convince my friends who live in the city to venture out to Long Island City (i'm a local) they have an awesome time and can't wait for the next time to come back
If you go during the daytime it's pretty much like a beach without the waves, except they do have misters a long the fence to help keep you cool
Bottled water for a buck, cheap beer, yummy BBQ food, beach volleyball and good tunes, as well as waiters walking around happy to take your order! At night and early evening the place starts to pick up in tempo and volume
The best nights to go (if you don't mind waiting a bit longer at the bar or for table service) is post PS1-WarmUp Saturday's when a DJ plays under the big yellow tent, dancers dance, groups flock to the sand and a good time is had by all
Great for big groups, but also a great place to meet new people (when you can see them in the dark)
In my opinion, by far the best chilled Summer venue out there!
Very laid back cool place to put back a few beers and see an amazing skyline
I stopped by Hip Hop Chow--not really sure if it was opened--they were and was serving bunch
My boyfriend had shrimp creole omelette and I had the poached pear waffle
It was so good and it came with freshly squeezed OJ--it was refreshing and free
Can't beat that
And they had alcohol 2
Not that I needed it; since I was taming a hang over
Waffles and OJ
it did the trick
Nice to know that people look out for the drinkers in the neighborhood
My gf and I were around the village, we were hungry and we wanted to try something new, we saw this small hole in the wall place w/ the name Hip Hop Chow, which caught our attention (Chinese + Southern)
I'm surprised that this place has a rating of 9 cuz it's way too high
The service wasn't great, actually slow cuz there were only 2 waitresses serving on a busy Friday night
Who knows how many people were in the kitchen since it's in the basement
The food is pricey, but the portion is somewhat big
What's the point of having a big portion if it's not all that? The only cool thing about the spot is BYOB
the place is real cute, service is on point, and the food is great !!!!!! x's ribs fell right off the bone my mac n cheese was slammin !!! very diffrent from the normal mac n cheese, but in a good way
cant wait to go again
this time we will b y o b
i have nothing to complain about this joint
The only downer is that they dont service alcohol
Hip Hop chow is the new up and coming reastaurant with flavor, that is mixing two different cultures/style and putting together as one! Everything about this restaurant is superb, the food, service, crowd, and music is great
The space is a little to small and crowded, not many tables, but that is like most restaurants in NYC
Overall I highly recommend this restaurant
I love this place, the food and the vibe
First of all, i love the concept-- soul food with an asian twist, great combo
The food, the portions are huge and really good, I had the baby back ribs with bakchoy-- it was soo good
My boyfriend had fried chicken with mac cheese and that was great too! I really love the concept and I like the atmosphere, it highlights the influence of hip hop in the asian community
Much love!! I'll definitely be back
I wish they had something like this in San Francisco, but it gives memore of a reason to come back to NYC
Everyone loves comfort and chinese food, which is what makes this place really awesome
The combination of two prepared by an experience chef truly makes the food delicious
I was there when it first opened and opted to go back again, but haven't had the chance
The country fried steak is so yummy and in huge portion
The decor gives the place a little funk and the staffs were friendly
It's a great date place or dinner with friends
I don't mind the BYOB at all
There are delis all over and makes it easier on the wallet
I highly recommend the mac cheese that everyone has been raving about
I had the Catfish Twists (1 in cornmeal with red peppar rice AND 1 catfish in black bean sauce, Chinese bean with rice)
The catfish in the back bean sauce is the clear winner! Though unexpected, it was a great tasty combo
I thought the corn cakes were a little heavy and greasy, but I ate 'em anyway
I would definitely come back and try the other dishes
Sadly their dessert seletion is composed of only ice creams
I was hoping for a slice of sweet potato pie or pecan pie to send me over the edge after having such a great meal
Best fried chicken I've ever had! The staff was helpful and friendly
My friends and I were delighted by the dishes we ordered at Hip Hop Chows
The ribs, chicken, scallop and shirmp dishes are outstanding
We had dinner at Hip Hop's on Sunday and it was so good that I brought another group of friends for dinner on Wednesday
A causal and warm atmosphere add to the experience
