people say it's pricey, but as we know, quality is quality!!! very reasonable prices!!!
After reading NYT and TimeOut, my expectations were not too high
The setting is midly amusing, and the whole 'Ninja' skit provides moderate entertainment
The food is ridiculous and WAY overpriced
A valid alternative to Jekyll and Hyde (but much more expensive) is an apt description
Makes me wonder about how valid some of these reviews are
Decided to check out this place, pleasantly suprised based on reviews but know they don't always mean it will be great
The atmosphere, service and food were perfection
Great place to celebrate or even to date!!!The sake list has what u need but l recommend to start with sake testing
We had ala cart, delicious food
Sushi, rolls with wasabi, perfectly prepered, fresh, delicate
Also some other appetizers, like the snow crab or the steak, lobster, can't tell which one was better!But would recommend to go with the tasting courses
The best way to go
Price way also
Service was very plesent, lovely
Dessert are very crazy way prepered, but very-very tasty
Great way to finish a very enjoyable dinner
We loved it!
Menu was excellent
Wine list is small, but very good and reasonably priced
Menu choices were great and the servers new them all well
The food was delicious as described in other reviews
I gotta admit that the best sushis, roolls I have ever had
very well prepered, presented
The atmosphere is amazing, very friendly, helpful
We live once, but i recommend this place for food, joy, pleasure
Best japanese restaurant l could have been to
from the moment you walk into the almost hidden entrance on hudson street (we walked by it twice before realizing this was the place) you are immersed into ancient japan
if you relax and enjoy the kitchy immersion into feudal japan, the experience will be all the more worthwhile
from the back-of-the-elevator entrance, to the secret ninja way into the village, to the occassional ninja magic, it is ninja life, all the time
the food; while on the expensive side, is delicate and delicious: well worth the price
i recommend getting either the sake tasting or a bottle, and one of the tasting menus
because the portions are the largest, it will save you money in the long run
go immerse yourself enjoy
Oh my god! All the food was amazing and taste sooooo good! Everything we had was great
Fresh, tasty, and just right! The best service I ever had
I will definitely go back there again
Althogh the entrace was a little hard to find, once I found it, I understood why it is so
It was just like the atmosphere which Ninja seems to appear
I had a special course, Kunoichi, which cost only 50 box!!
I am very satisfied with all kinds of food which were served
The other thing that I really liked was that all the servers dressing lust like Ninja, their services was just great! They entertained using their magic and made us laugh and have an enjoyable time
I really liked this restaurant, and I will definitly come back and try the other ones !!
We went for a romantic birthday dinner
couldn't be any perfect
The restaurant atmosphere is beautiful, cozy
Our server couldn't be any nicer
The flavors in each dishes were so delicious
Very delicate, fresh food
The scallops with octopus, the meteorite soup or we really liked the steak with the garlic sauce
The food was presented beautifully
We'll be back
we went back again and just es excellent as the first time
Anything you order will not dissapoint you
We couldn't stay away from the amazing sushi rolls and the sashimis too
The dishes are extremely good, fresh
And they serve, make the best coctails
Very unique drinks, coctails
Two thumbs up! cozy atmosphere, very friendly staff, great service
After a lousy Times review, I sheepishly went to Ninja
It was amazing
The food was terrific, and the idea of a restaurant in which every party gets a private room was terrific
You really get to talk to your friends
The service was incredibly attentive
Sake is available there that is only available in Japan
As a business owner I know importance of great food and service
This place has it!!! Whenever l want great food and sake or wine, we make this our destination
The stuff is always friendly and l am never dissapointed
All the appetizers - main dishes are delicious, great presentation
Make sure you save room for dessert!!!
It's worth going to ninja! Top quality food! You haven't had a real sushi until you've had one at ninja! Portions were great
Excellent presentation, sashimi- you don't want to miss
with fresh wasabi! are you kidding!!?? Best in New York! The waiters are skilled without makeing a big deal out of it
THE PLACE IS THE REAL THING!!!!
me and my wife had an amazing night out
very delicious, outstanding food with fantastic service
We had the tasting course, we really enjoyed it, one of our favorite was the meteorite soup, the server cook it in front of you, also the steak with wasabi, the sushi is so fresh, melts in your mouth, leaving you wanting more
dessert are amazing too, excellent presentation, bon sai, white frog, very delicious
Chocolate and cream cheese desserts
Atmospere, service, food, just what you need to have a nice way to finish the week
In 150 words yoy'd never capture the charm, dedication and sheer pleasure of this dining experience
Every detail blew us all away from the design, lighting, the coziness, the music and the attentive stuff and delicious wine and sake
Incredible, perfect balance of flavor in food, best meal I've had and I stand by it
I was so suprised after dining out at ninja
Such a negative comment about this amazing new place
My girlfriend and I had a such a wonderful time
Our server was possibly the best we've encourted in New york
Very friendly, professional, knowledgeable, very attentive
My girlfriend had a fatty tuna, myself Steak Wasabi
meteorite soup, food was out of the world
Not to mention the dessert
Server recommended the suflee with vanilla ice cream and raspberry sauce, that was just sooooo good
we will definately return
Ambiance spectacular
We went out to celebrate my girlfriends birthday, l can say everybody was so happy
Great food, excellent service
We tried the shabu-shabu, that was amazing
the presentation, and the taste!!! magnificant!!! Had some sake with it, the night was perfect
We had our privat room, excellent service, drink, food, what else could you ask for
Not to mention magic too
