I give Alice's high praise for making the day perfect!!
Alice's Tea Cup is one of my favorite places on the Upper East Side
You haven't really had a scone until you've tasted the pumpkin ones made here! Such a cute place to go with friends for brunch
My only complaint is that there are waits on the weekend
I guess people just can't get enough of those scones!
I had 8 friends in town for a bachelorette party weekend, and I decided to kick everything off with a fun lunch at Alice's Tea Cup on Friday
Despite having a large party and no reservations, we only had to wait about 20 minutes, and the host was uber-polite
My friends had a fabulous time, loved the food, and in fact, still ask me if I've been there recently
a month after their visit! The waitstaff was attentive, they didn't rush us, and I would recommend this place to anyone, anytime
The tea and the bakery itself are great, but the hostess and the waitress have always been condescending
Reservations for a bakery?!?!?!?! However, all in all, a nice neighborhood spot
I went to Alice's Tea Cup- Chapter II last weekend with two of my friends
Upon arrival we were told that there was a 2 hour wait to be seated due to a party
That would normally be fine with me, but the hostess had a very horrible attitude and said to me in a very condescending tone that I should have made reservations
She laughed in my face! I was horrified at the way that we were treated! I have called in advance since to make a reservation, only for them to tell me that they don't take same day reservations
I do not know how they are running the place
GO TO THE WEST SIDE LOCATION!!! Better service and you will leave a heck of a lot happier
Such a cute and friendly environment for all ages! Been there a few times and loved the decor, food and service! A must for tea lovers and anything whimsical!
I was so delighted to find that Alice's Tea Cup is now on the East Side
I've been going to the West Side location since it opened and LOVE IT!!! Now I have a choice
The East Side is a little fancier and larger, but still a Wonderland with the same great food, scones, cakes and more - a dinner menu and drinks like Mar-TEA-nis
Yes, tea infused drinks!! I'm loving this!!!
We used to schlepp over to the west side regularly for our scone and tea fix, but now we have our own Alice's Tea Cup in our neighorhood! The scones and tea will always be my favorite things there, but we recently had a baby shower there for a friend, and it was one of the most delightful and enjoyable baby showers I've ever enjoyed
The wait staff was adorable, wearing fairy wings and sparkles, and the food (as always) was fantastic
And you have to check out the downstairs bathroom
! I'm sorry for the few vocal people who have had negative experiences, but i'm fairly sure they are in the minority
I hope everyone can have the fun we've had at Alice's Tea Cup!
Two words -- Pumpkin Scone
The food was great and the baked goods were unbelievable
They are still working out the kinks service wise (it just opened) but I can deal with slight inconsistencies when the food more than makes up for it
Plus they have cool tea infused cocktails!
Alice's tea cup is a pleasant surprise when you first walk in from 64th street
However, your initial pleasant surprise quickly dimishes when you deal with the outrageously rude, slow and flamboyantly inappropriate hosts and servers
The place caters to the typical Park Avenue Moms and their 7 year old princesses as well as the Hello Kitty loving teenage girl crowd
The menu is big but ridiculously priced with $20 sharing fees and price minimums per person
All in all, you are paying for the decor, the location and the pixie dust that I think all of the servers are snorting in the back room
My friends and I will NEVER go back here because the service is a disgrace and there are just SO many better places
If you want a fun tea house with tasty and reasonably priced snacks, try Teany downtown (and you might even see Moby!)
I was so excited to see that Alice's Tea Cup had opened in my neighborhood
Unfortunately, not only did my party have to wait 40 minutes to get seated; I was NOT told when I made the reservation that parties of 14 or more had to automatically order the Mad Hatter tea service ($27 per person) but I was told that I had to hold the reservation with a credit card
After our group was seated we were told that 14 Mad Hatters were on the way
I spoke with the manager, who was completely RUDE and unaccomodating
The manager refused to acknowledge the miscommunication so we were forced to leave and I was told that my credit card would be charged for 14 Mad Hatters! The entire experience was a HUGE disappointment and I have never been treated so poorly at a restaurant in all of NYC
Lies, lies, all lies! As a group of 10 we made a reservation weeks in advance and there was no mention of pre fix meal costing $33
This is an establishment where on the average other menu items are not even $10
Worse the manager could have cared less telling us that the credit card used to hold the reservation would be charged regardless of whether we stayed or not
All this after we waited 45 minutes after our reservation time
Needless to say we chose to leave
This place is just fantastic from the cute little teacups to the range of teas
And surprisingly the food was heaven
The pot of tea with two scones is a real deal especially for something that tastes GREAT!!
dumont and dumont burger have the best burgers ever
honestly the best ive had in the city
We moved out here to Brooklyn recently and were prepared to make stop to Grimaldi's for pizza, but haven't yet - Anthony's pizza is delicious!! Great service and good food
This is a fantastic restaurant
the pizza, the service, the pasta
everything
I'm not sure why some of the other comments complain about the service or portion size
If you are looking for bigger pizza or pasta included with your dish
move back to Missouri and go to this other amazing place called the Olive Garden! You'll feel like family
Anthony's is by far the best in the Slope!
Short and simple
great food, great service, excelent atmosphere
Luckily we went on Sunday and had the chance to experience a home cooked Ragu sauce just like nonna used to make
Owners are in the place, talking to you and making you feel at home
One of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had!!!
First time trying Anthony's, I called for delivery
I asked for a large pie
They only have one 12 size
I opted for that
It cost $12 and I ate it in two bites
It was very tastey but for $14 after tip I felt like I got cheated
Expensive and small portions
Main dishes should include pasta
Taste is just average compared to other restaurants of this type
Service is friendly but not very attentative
Who ever heard of 8 Oz bottle of sodas, especially at 2
50 a pop? Would never go there again
i have been to anthony's a few times
one of the owners can be rude, the service is slow, they ignore you, and lie about the wait time
if you don't mind all of that, the pizza is good
I passed Anthony's one afternoon and added it to my list of restaurants to try
I dined with 3 others on a recent Saturday night and was pleasantly pleased
After a brief wait (enough to finish a round of drinks) we were seated and the ordering began
We started with a couple of salads and were amazed by the portions
We then moved on to what else - pizza
A good selection of fresh toppings are offered and we enjoyed every last bite
Next time we'll pick from the good selection of entrees
Overall service was great
Definitely recommend Anthony's - cozy, friendly atmosphere and excellent food
I've had delivery from Anthony's 4 or 5 times and dined once with my husband and 2 year old
It's a good place for kids
The pizza is always fabulous
Their marinara sauce is so good that I've been trying to rework mine to match theirs
The gnocchi is addictive
The only con for me is when we get delivery, the girl that takes the orders always hears things incorrectly
You either have to repeat yourself ten times and you receive things you didn't order
I've just learned to go over the order 3 times with her
I LOVE Anthony's
I conveniently live down the block, but this place is worth the trip
