Mistakes happen, but don't expect this place to make it up to you
I will not order delivery from them again
This is a good one
I work 7 blocks from the restaurant on west 34th St
6 of us order from this place about 3 times a week for about 6 months
Today, they decided to gouge us with a delivery fee
We called to complain and they said there is no way to rectify the charge
We then said we would like to cancel the order
They said we are banned!!!!!! We will find a new place and post it on another review
Regards, Sad in Manhattan
It was my first time eating at SPICE this evening
I will say one thing, the food (except one fluke) is really good
For an appetizer, my friend and I shared an order of the summer rolls
Although healthy, we felt that the rolls were very dry (even when soaked in the provided sauce)
We won't be ordering that again nor recommend it
For my main course, I ordered the volcanic chicken
It was very delicious
I definitely will order this again
My friend ordered the chicken with cashew nuts
She seemed to enjoy that dish also
We didn't have time to order dessert but there's always a nest time
As per drinks, we had a Lychee mimosa and Pomegranate martini
Both were made well and very refreshing
I've only eaten here once but I was really impressed and am excited to go back
It is a little cramped and on a weekend night a little loud, but the food was excellent and the service was friendly
I had the Panang Curry and found it well sized, and well spiced for a mere $10
Good Value, Good Thai Food, great rice! Small restaurant so make reservations
Its a bit tiny in size, but the food is yummy
Ordering take-out of delivery works very well
I recommend the Pad Thai and the spring rolls
YUM!
The delivery service is terrible
It took over an hour to deliver my food and I live 5 blocks away
Once it arrived it was cold
I have had problems with their delivery in the past as well
I took clients here and we all loved the space and the food was great too
I will def
be back
The Food! The wine! The Service! All impecable
This is really the best new resturant in NYC!!!!
There is no question the food is top notch - but it comes at a heavy price
Had I known dinner for two would push near $400 there are other destinations in the city I would prefer
When spending this kind of money you expect the best
You certainly don't get this here
The food was aveage at best
I've had better veal dishes at my local Italian restaurant, and the Napoleon everyone is raving about was awful
The waiter messed up two of the dishes and the table was left dirty after each course
You are better off at any of the other top rated restaurants if you are looking for a true dining experience
A sensational new space - unique design that is elegant and sexy! Top food and service
Soon to be among the most popular in NYC!
This will easily be one of New Yorks best restaurants
The food and service are off the charts, and the boys at Val Bella will make you feel like a king
If you love good wine, this is the place for you
The wine list reads like a top 100 list from Wine Aficionado, and they always have great recommendations
If you have room for dessert, try the Napoleon, it will blow you away
This place is the BEST of the BEST
It used to be that I would have to travel up I95 to Riverside CT
to enjoy one of the best restaurants I have ever been to
Finally Valbella comes to Manhattan
Leave it to David to pick the hottest spot in town
Perfection! Gorgeous place
Unbeatable service
Jeff is on of the most knowledgeable sommeliers I have ever met
Two wine cellars, one of which has a private dining table
The food is off the charts
You have to get the napoleon for dessert
Amazing!
Great food, great service
If you are looking for a restaurant in the city, this is the place to go
They have a great menu and amazing specials
They cater to anything you want
The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and very well run
I can't wait to go there again!
Wow! Talk about Wine
This place has got one of the largest and finest wine lists that I have ever seen
These are wines that until now I could only read about
The food was out of this world and the sevice was impeccable
This is New Yorks newest gem!
This upscale contemporary Italian reasturant combines excellent food with a vast array of fine wines
The prompt courteous service and exquisite ambience make this one of New York's top restaurants!
This place is awesome! At first we almost missed it - there's a construction site happening across the street right now - but we are so glad we went in - the staff was upbeat and friendly - the food was great - we loved the sauces on the pasta and meatballs - and they had other dishes that were not just typical italian cusine - the atmosphere ios great for a large party - i asked - they can seat about 30 people - and have had baby showers and new year's eve bashes! some nights they even have jazz and comedy acts - just great - we will be back!
All I can say - bad experience
Lack of care from owner
I very rarely complain
This time I did - but was laughed at
Don't bother
This quaint homestyle restaurant provides excellent service and delicious food! My boyfriend and I were looking for a nice quiet place to enjoy a good meal and we came across this on citysearch
Well worth it! Waitstaff was very attentive and made all dishes to order
the lasagna was delicious and good size portion
Highly recommend the stuffed pork chops and tiramisu! Definitely going to recommend to friends looking for a romantic intimate setting with great wine and yummy food!
I stumbled into this quaint little place a few weeks ago, thinking it was the Peruvian restaurant that used to be in the same space
I was thoroughly impressed
The menu isn't your standard spaghetti meatballs italian, which is a welcome change (truffled pheasant anyone?), and the food is WONDERFUL
The menu is all over the map, from the high end phesant and veal, to a yeoman-like side of gravied pork beef
TRY THE SOUFLEE! On my visit they hadn't gotten a liquor license yet, but I hear that has changed
The decor was nice, although a little much (Gold seat covers? Really?) and the staff was very, very nice
My friend was a vegetarian and the staff went out of their way to provide her with a special entree
All in all I was very pleased
Terrible food and service
Staff has such an attitude
