(and i don't even really like sushi
) I had the Dragon Roll and it was great
Everyone mentions the happy hour here
thats because its amazing but even after happy hour the drinks aren't to expensive
No more than any other bar/loung in midtown!
THE FOOD WELL CAN U SAY FRESH , LOOK OUT NOBO
THIS PLACE IS ON THE CUTTING EDGE DESIGN
ITS A MUST CHECK IT OUT PLACE
Great prices, amazing happy hour, fresh sushi and wonderful staff
what more could one want? More time to get to go there!!!!
Trendy new sushi restaurant in the heart of hells kitchen- Great ambiance and wonderful service
There is a 5 hour happy hour with extremely fair pricing as well as a beautiful garden in the back
I must say that my favorite drinks are their frozen lychee cosmo aa well as the mint saketini
As for sushi the specialty rolls were some of the best I have ever had including a unique spicy sushi sandwich made of Spicy tuna, Avocado, Eel and White American Cheese surrounded by a top and bottom layer of rice
Overall a great experience and definitely recomended for anybody who likes fresh sushi and refreshing drinks for very reasonable prices
I love this new space
They have this awesome 1/2 price drink happy hour until 9pm everyday
There is also an outdoor garden space for dining and drinking
(and people watching) The sushi is reasonably priced and totally delishhhh
It's definately a mixed crowd
The dj's play great music
Over-all the place is a lot of fun
I cant wait to go back
Simply put, the space is beautiful
Fresh sushi and exotic cocktails served up in a hip lounge setting
There is even a patio out back
The lounge area is perfect for B-day or corporate parties
Add to that happy hour 7 days a week! Food, drink, and ambience, you can't lose
What a beautiful space! I can't stop telling everyone about this fabulous happy hour - from 4pm till 9!!! Cocktails are $4-$5
The DJs every night help make this a really cool loungey atmosphere
And the sushi and rolls are amazing
The staff is fun and friendly
It's a great fresh new addition to the ahppenin' Hell's Kitchen
Amazing new Sushi bar and lounge in Hells Kitchen
The Sushi is the freshest that I have tasted in a very long time
Their awesome happy hour brings in the crowds, with their half price drinks
The space is truly amazing, from their mesquite wood bar, to their outdoor bamboo garden
I know I will surely be going back for one of their lycheeritas
Great new sushi bar with good selection of very fresh fish, creative rolls, and entrees
$5 fruit cocktails during happy hour, and a lounge and patio in the back make it a great find
And its open until 4a 7 days a week!!  A MUST in HK!
best new boy bar in midtown
happy hour is 4 HOURS LONG at 5 bucks for top-shelf! their specialty drinks are amazing and so is the sushi
i love it here, my new friday night hangout!
Can't get better than this! Home made Pasta prepared to perfection
Italian home style cooking with lots of varietyand light on the calories
Since finding this Gem, my husband and I can't stop coming back for more
We have tried everything from the Seafood salad to a wonderful hearty steak
No matter what we have for dinner, we always have a special pasta Gianni recommends
Don't miss out on the chocolate cake! Great wine selection
Thank you Gianni for a wonderful meal! Great service and a wonderful garden
See you soon!
My family and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Da Gianni not too long ago
The service was excellent and catering to its customers
We had our choice of where to dine, whether it was a cozy table near the fireplace indoors or on the outdoor patio under the sky
The food was absolutely delicious with a great presentation
I highly recommend this restaurant
DA Gianni is the best Italian restaurant in Long Island City
The food is amazing, and the service is great
A beatiful place with a relax atmosphere
In good weather the outdoor garden is the place to be
Same as the rest of their mini-chain of restaurants
Poor at best
Bad food, weak service and totally lackluster experience
Gabriela's may be out of the way for most Manhattanites to get to, but the food, service, and ambience are absolutely worth it
The rotisserie chicken, quesadilla, fish tacos
I haven't found anything that's not delicious yet
Meant to try the dessert, but was so stuffed every time that we never got to it
We have been back there at least twice a week in the past 3 weeks!
Well Gabriela's finally re-opened about a month and a half ago and the place looks beautiful! The service is great! I have been there about 5 times already! The food is really good and the highest price on the menu is $20
I suggest having the ribs, quesadillas, fajitas, and the shrimp tacos are delicious
After your meal, don't leave without eating the Fried Ice-C r e a m
May sound weird, but it is the BEST dessert they have!!
I was sad when my favorite, Leaf Storm Tea, left this cute little location


but was pleasantly surprised when Gilileo opened! I couldn't think of a better replacement for Leaf Storm
The owner and gentlemen who work here are all so friendly and helpful, and the coffee and gelato are tremendous
I haven't tried many of the sandwiches and pastries other than a croissant - but that one pastry was served in the cutest manner
It's fabulous that they have their outdoor seating up and running! A definite must-try
Wonderfully refreshing sorbet and gelato - flavors change daily
The people who work here are really nice and always keep some dog biscuits behind the counter in case you bring your furry friend with you
Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood
I stumbled upon this quaint and cozy storefront one Sunday morning
Its specialty is puffs
All kinds
sweet, savory, even a sandwich-like portion
I've tried the chocolate, cheese, and the spinach+feta cheese+pine nuts
It's lite and not too oily
It's got a good texture and so far I liked the chocolate one the best
The owner is friendly and I consider myself a regular already
Perfect place to grab something on the go or just sit down for a nice chat with the owner =)
I love this place! What a great addition to the area (the one in Brooklyn has been so popular for years)
Even though it's a Thai restaurant I find the sushi to be the real star of this place! The decor is so fabulous, and dramatic too
I've been here several times, dinner and lunch too, and will dfinitely make it a regular place--the prices are out of this world
One of the most affordable NICE restaurants in NYC!
for whatever reason the restaurant was extremely understaffed
There was only one waitress for about 15 tables
The counter person Robin was the best worker in the whole joint
She was taking phone orders, take out orders, trying to seat people and taking table orders
