The atmosphere was great, the candlelight was very romantic( it even made my date look better )The bartender was easy to talk to and the bar prices were more than fair
The service was attentive but unobtrusive, and the food was very good
They had a great wine list and their dessert was to die for
I will definitely be back and I would absolutely recommend this place for a date or even dinner with friends!
I went recently with some friends and was not impressed
The fish was not fresh and the service was sooo slow
When we asked the waiter for water - he gave us dirty looks and it took at least 15 minutes to get it
There are so many better restaurants in Union Square
If you want romance, this is not the place
Too gothic for my taste
How can this place get good reviews for being romantic? It does look like something from Medieval Times and so does the food
I went last Thursday with a party of six and everyone thought the food was bland
The waiter was incompetent when we asked for suggestions, and the service was very, very slow
There are much better places in Union Square
To me, when trying a new restaurant decor and atmosphere comes first, since that what I experience first, and this place sucks! Feels like a cheap medieval times with the occational obstrusive airconditioning unit blundering the otherwise mediocre effect
If you have any class at all, do not take your date to this place as although the food is decent, it feels as if you are trying too hard to impress but lack the bankroll to take her to somewhere authentically romantic
DO NOT GO
Went to NYC for a short trip and this was our best dining experience! Service was great and the food was superior
We were there fairly early before a show (6:00 pm)
The pre-theater dinner was fabulous and the best value in the city! Started with the beet appetizer which tastes much better than it sounds
Had the ravioli for an entree
Very light but VERY flavorful
Husband had the pork chop and it was also wonderful
We tried the creme brulee and the chocolate cake for dessert
Both are a perfect ending to the meal
You do not leave here hungry and it was the best meal of the weekend and also the CHEAPEST
Imagine that
Also has a great wine list! Request Erickson as your server
He was great! Also, a very quaint lounge area
You are not packed in like sardines as with other restaurants either
Enjoy!
We had a reservation for 2 at 8:30 PM
We arrived 10 minutes late and at 9:15 we still weren't seated
In addition, at 9:15, there were still two groups of two ahead of us
Obviously this place does not understand the concept of RESERVATIONS
Instead, they just put you on a first-come first-serve list as you arrive (but you could only be on that list if you have a reservation)
On top of that, they obviously overbooked the number of tables they have, probably by about 2 to 1
It wasn't like we were a large group and couldn't get seated
Why go to a restaurant where you are not the priority?
The restaurant is so romantic and the food is spectacular
The pre-theater menu is a great value at $19
99 for 3 courses
I highly recommend the calamari and tagliatelle
The creme brulee was incredible - not too sweet and silky texture
This place is one of NYC best-kept secrets! The only con I can think of was that our waiter was a little off-standish
Arrive early (before 7pm) and you'll have the place virtually to yourself
Romantic, candelit spot
Food wasn't that great, pork chop was tough
Service was appauling
The restaurant was virtually empty yet it took the hostess 5 mins to seat us
We ordered wine and had to remind our waiter THREE times before it arrived
They tried to take my plate away before I'd even finished eating!!!!! We were given a tiny chocolate cake by way of apology, which was hard and cold and were given the check before being asked if we'd like desert, more drinks etc!
This is DEFINITELY the MOST ROMANTIC RESTAURANT! If you're looking for a nice restaurant to take that special someone out to, go to Candelas! I chose to take my boyfriend to Candela's for our one year anniversary and it was great
The mood was perfect, the food was good, the dessert was delicious! And for those of you guys who are tight on money: make sure you request their Pre Theater Menu!! Every day between 5:30-6:30, you get an appetizer, entree, and a dessert of your choice for 19
99 plus tax
That's a pretty damn good deal
I would recommend that you make reservations, it wasn't crowded the Friday night that I went, but that's because it was raining really hard
Sweep your date away in this dark, candlelit restaurant
Something about the candles, all the dark wood and the high ceilings lends something very romantic and medival to this restaurnat
As a side note, The food is very good although pretty standard items
Despite the mixed reviews, we gave Candela a chance, and we were glad we did! There was a table ready for us when we arrived, but they allowed us to sit at the bar and wait for a booth
Booth was romantic, candlelight was beautiful
Great date restaurant! The ribeye was the best steak I have ever had
My boyfriend loved his seared tuna, and had no complaints about finishing my meal when I was too full! We had edamame as an appetizer - also wonderful! Server was great, prices were reasonable, evening was amazing! Will definitely be a place we visit every time we visit NYC! My boyfriend even said he was jealous that I found the place and he didn't! Don't let the mixed reviews scare you away! You will love Candela!
We really enjoyed a quality dining experience here
As for seating, you are better off if you are at a booth or at a table on the end, because those tables in the center of the room are awful
We were seated there, asked to move, and saw about 5 couples do the same
Our waitress was friendly and helpful
Really liked risotto and the fact that a half order was available; it was the perfect size if you're also ordering a salad and dessert
I also enjoyed my sauvignon blanc
The chocolate cake was good but I've had better at Eatery, liked the malted ice cream that accompanied it more
I think the candle-lit ambience is the draw and it's complemented by delicious food
It was an enjoyable experience and one that we're glad we had, but it wasn't mind-alteringly exceptional
Would return, but not frequently
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar
When we were finally seated, we didn't receive our dinner entrees until an hour later
The food had mixed reviews from our group
We ordered appetizers
sushi rolls, crabcake, and dumplings
All were good except for the fried dumplings/won-tons, which were dried out and way too crisp
Dinner also had mixed reviews
Those in our group who chose the fish entrees (snapper and salmon) were pleased
One of our group chose the risotto, which she felt was a little soggy
Unfortunately we did not stay for dessert, so I can't comment on the chocolate cake
Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience but I would stay away from the tables and try to reserve a booth if I wanted a romantic dinner
Ok yeah the atmosphere of the plase is nice
But thats pretty much it
The service was horrible
The waitress was terribly snooty
And yeah the prices arent bad IF THE FOOD WAS GOOD
The food was horrendous
We had the Dinatelli
The clams and mussels were pathetic
They were so tiny along with what looked like half cut elbow macaroni
The calamari was passable, the sushi not bad the chocolate cake was nothing great either
If you value restaurants for quality food and service, cross this one off your list
We had a 8
30 reservation at candela, and we were promptly seated
The service was pretty good, and not to mention the decor is definitely romantic with many candles and light so dim that I can hardly see the menu
But all is good until the food comes
