Hole in the wall? Yes
Good frites? Yes
Worth the trek? Yes
You get a large cone of fries and one free dipping sauce with your order
The fries are like fish and chips fries and on the soggier side but, I love soggy fries so the better for me
I have to say the sauce choices are really what makes this place outstanding vs the fries
The fries are much more filling than you would think
A guy and girl could share a regular cone
I recommend getting various dipping sauces as one gets boring after a while
You can ask to try various sauces and the staff will happily accommodate
It looks like just a stand but there is a small seating area in the back and bar stools outside
A must try, where else are you going to find a place that only sells frites?
My boyfriend and I have been here a couple times, and each time LOVED the choices of sauce (which they give you a large dallop of to try before-hand) and thoroughly enjoyed sitting down with a coke outside and sharing a couple different flavors
Its a really cute hole-in-the-wall place with great atmosphere and even better fries
They even did a special on the Food Network about Pommes Frites, which is how we found out about it
Go there- its great!
The fries are yummy
Get a goood sauce and keep walking the seating area is cramped
Great, tasty, and genuine belgian fries with tens of great dipping sauces
You may say it's just french fries, but try it
It will change your mind
Simply the best - and cheap, too!
Best fries in the city
The large size cone is enough to feed you for dinner! The sauces are great
I recommend the rosemary garlic mayo or the sweet magno cutney
YUM!
Had read so many reviews about this place, I would not say it is THE best
First off, the sauce disappointed me: the famous mango chutney mayo was nothing special, just sweet mayo with a little sweet taste
The fries were good but not excellent
Of course with a comparison to Mc's or BK, it is much better (size/freshness wise) But it's good overall, especially when the store is located in the middle of east village
Delicious fries (not one soggy one in the bunch), and even tastier sauces
Do not miss the Mango Chutney!! Absolutely delicious and soo cheap! They'll even let you sample two sauces before you buy
For your $4 you will receive the best fries you have ever eaten in your life and enough of them to feed a small army
The standouts however are the endless variety of dips to try
Some may sound eccentric for a French Fry but after one taste youll never go back to ketchup again
Try em all!!!
I have been going to Pommes Frites for 3 years, and have brought friends, family and co-workers
We all love Pommes Frites
The fries are usually always excellent, and crispy
The dipping sauces are exotic and fresh
My favorite is the Pesto Mayo! Long live Pommes Frites
Yes, it's true that the fries are good, but good fries really are not that hard to come by
The variety of topings is nice, but again, such toppings are easy to acquire
While this place without question serves better fries than fast food restaurants, and even a few other good restaurants, they are not the best in the city
The value is pretty decent, and for the cone they give you, $4
00 is pretty reasonable; however, there's no reason to flock in droves to this place, except perhaps to try it once
Give it a shot, but don't expect the world
I live on the Upper Eastside
and I have gone all the way downtown late at night just to get these fries and head back home! They have lik 50 different dipping sauces
I recommend the roasted garlic mayo
yum! Don't miss it!
So simple
Yet you are amazed by how flavorful these fries are
Everything is cooked to order
The lines of people wrapped around the block tell the whole story
The dipping sauces would be unnecessary except that they are so good and creative
30 to choose from
Service is amazingly friendly for such a small and crowded place
They will let you try every sauce they have until you find one you like
If its raining, bring an umbrella
There is really no place to sit
Definitely a must stop when your in the neighbohood
Good fries and sauces a plenty
It's almost mandatory to come back and try the next
I've been to this place a few times, and for anyone who has not tried the fries, run, don't walk, now! It's no exageration when most of the reviews here sings the praises of this tiny joint
Don't go expecting a high class atmosphere
But, definitely go for the best fries and crazy varities of dipping sauces you won't find elsewhere
I recently discovered this little gem and keep craving it ever since! The fries are perfectly crispy and the plethora of sauces keep it interesting
You haven't lived until you've tried the Frites at Pomme Frites
The fries are golden deliciousness and they come with an assortment of sauces from standard Heinz to Thai Peanut
One stop and you'll be hooked
Great pommes frites, the sauces challenging
Have some fries and then walk up to the Second Ave Deli for some chopped chicken livers
What a way to go
This little place with great Belgian fries
I always liked fries with mayo or ketchup but this place opened my eyes to a whole other world of sauces
These frites can be a meal in itself
The variety in sauces are very overwhelming for someone going there for the first time
I recommend the horseradish sauce; it gives a bite to the taste
However, you should never stick with one sauce, try different ones
It can be very busy at times so you should definately take it to go
Great place for just hanging around food
If you want fries, and only fries, go to Pommes Frites
Wonderful sauces, awesome fries
Not too many seats, so grab 'em while you can
Then go to Crif Dog down the street for a followup hot dog
The place is a little hole-in-the-wall but the fries make up fot it! There's no room for more than 5 people to dine in at a time
it's that small
The fries, with the sauces, are a real treat
They serve nothing but fries so if you want a hamburger, go to a place nearby and get one and you can eat
It's kute how they're served too
Try the honey mango sauce with sweet chili
Deeeelish! =)
these are the worst fries EVER - everythihng else was great
This place can't be beat for french fries
My father comes into town to visit just to stop here on the way home
They are just great! Great dips and toppings! Great service!
I was in New York, this place has the best fries I have ever had! The garlic mayo was great too! If you ever get into town go there the fries rock
This has to be the best place to satisfy any fry freaks cravings
Service people are friendly and helpful
