Great vibe, nice people
I crave many of their dishes
Wished they changed the menu up from time to time, but their old stand-bys like the artichoke ap, soups, trout, mixed grill plate all rule
I agree with Eapny, Tara Thai is *the* best Thai restaurant in New York City
I have never been to Thailand, so I cannot compare authentic Thai food with the Thai food at Tara Thai, but I suspect it's pretty close
The only reason why I didn't give the food rating a 10 is that I had better Thai food in San Francisco (cheaper too!)
But, if you're not headed to San Francisco any time soon and you're craving Thai cuisine, then Tara Thai is your best bet for real flavors and fresh ingredients
Papaya salad is my all-time favorite, and Tara Thai makes it right!
This is the best Thai food I have had! It deserves a great review, but I hope too many people don't discover it, the queit atmosphere and personal attention from the servers are part of the draw
The restaurant is family owned and run
The food is amazing, they will accomodate all of their customers' requests
Plenty of vegetarian and non-vegetarian options AND the food is inexpensive! Don't miss this one!
My Girlfriend likes The food there very much
We love to go there for lunch
I do like the service
Great Service and Excellent food
What else do you want ? The last time I tried Golden Triangle
It was very good
I have never seen in the other Thai Place
This is the place to stop for some great tasting BBQ meals with amazingly quick service
It has been a regular of mine(age 24) and my sisters'(21) for a few years now
It' a great place to bring a few friends and chat over a few of their famous Texas Drinks
(That'll start ya off with a nice buzz, if you'd like, before heading out!)The food is inexpensive as well considering the generous amount that you're served
Choose from either their tender white breasts of chicken, or any other type of meat, BBQ'd or seasoned,potatoes, fries, rice, cornbread etc
It's all great and hard to finish the whole plate! Waiters and waitresses are always friendly and somehow manage to keep a smile on their face all evening long! With that kind of patience for us rude New Yorkers, its gotta be a place to check out
Sorry the food was not that terrific
The ribs are over-rated by a long shot
I guess I would recommend this place to the teenagers
They would enjoy the noise, and the crowded sitting areas
The price was good, but the food was mediocre
The Texas-Sized drinks watered down before your second bite, but to each his own! Like I said, for the High-School crowd
Is it under new management or just trying something new? Beware of the buffet!
I've never eaten better cheesecake in my life
Some of the smoothies are heavenly too
Overall, the food is always good, with some items being spectacular and the staff is the friendliest you'll find anywhere
My favorite thing about this place is that the atmosphere is very calming
It is a great place to go to relax at any time of the day
The menu is varied, both in price and in food choice
The sandwiches are amazing, as well as the hot dishes
My friend Sue and I meet at Souen once a week for clean, tasty and high energy meals
The staff is very polite, the seating is nice and open and the price is very reasonable
I can't get away from ordering the stuffed smoked tofu pita! it's amazing! I think this is the best health food restaurant in the city
No grease here!
Went for Sunday brunch - absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had
1) We were the only customers in there the whole time - RED FLAG! Next time I will heed such an obvious warning
2) A fly buzzed around us the whole time
3) The waiter was inattentive and rude when he DID speak to us
4) The waiter the other employee working there (manager?) sat down and had a meal of their own while we were eating! 5) I had to flag down the waiter as he dined to bring us our check
Then I had to get out of my seat and go over to the waiter - who was still eating! - to give him my credit card, to which he barked, We only take American Express! So I went back to my table, got my AmEx, and had to bring THAT over to him, while he sat at his table the whole time
6) The french toast was thin, crunchy and had a horrible aftertaste, like I was eating burnt scrapings from the frying pan
7) I found a hair in my food
The manager took my dish off the check, but the waiter made no apologies
8) As we debated whether we should leave a tip, the waiter, who had apparently been eavesdropping, yelled across the room, Don't leave me a tip! I don't deserve one! and stormed back into the kitchen like a big baby
9) When we left the restaurant (still hungry), neither of the 2 staff members present acknowledged our exit
All in all, a total waste of the $9
75 I did pay
Moral of the story: If you walk into a restaurant and there are no other customers in there, there are probably many good reasons as to why
I took my parents here during their visit to the city and we were all pleased by the food and by the price (we got the prix fixe)
We especially enjoyed the carrot soup - mmmm! The salad had a tasty dressing on it and the linguine was nice and garlicy
We were definitely all full by the end of the meal
We regretted getting coffee, though, since it was $3
50 for a little mug so not really worth it
I will go back again
What a fantastic little place! From the moment we walked throught the door and were greeted so pleasantly I had a great feeling
Fantastic food; I had the cold seafood and for my entree the shrimp scampi; but I don't thing you can go wrong with anything at this place
We had 2 great bottles of Italian wine for $18 each
In addition the manager sent over 2 glasses of sangria and cake for desert on the house!! Magnificant place (and I'm a native NY Italian/American); we will be regulars!!
A heck of a meal for a great price
Chicken Marsala was perfect
I will be going back and back and back
the most delicious shrimp scampi i've ever had !! must order it with the linguini with garlic and oil
i can eat that linguini by itself ! simply mouth watering
i dunt know how they do it, how can they make linguini with only garlic and oil so delicous ?
I love this place! My husband and I have been attending this restaurant since 1999 and we LOVE IT! Great food and prices
I love the stuffed Mushrooms and the baked clams are awesome!
I recommend the Shrimp Scampi, and when they ask you what kind of pasta you would like, ask for the flat noodle cooked in garlic and olive oil, it's delicious
I like the atmosphere here, it's relaxed and can be very romantic
Although the name would suggest a seafood restaurant, Frutti di Mare has a great Italian menu of dishes that would please any palate
Try the chicken pommery, succulent chicken breast pounded thin and covered in a pommery mustard sauce
Pumpkin ravioli seems to also be a favorite when in season
Tables are always available as this place also boasts an outdoor seating area
Romantic atmophere indoors
The staff may be a bit distracted but with all the foot traffic outside, you'd be too
I have taken so many friends here and not one of my guests have been disappointed
The menu is amazing ( I love the chicken balsamic and tiramisu) and very reasonably price
I am very shocked to hear the negative review
It is worth a visit
Love Italian food but I LOVE THIS PLACE! The chicken pommery and the pumpkin ravioli are my favorite! Great value and great food makes this a place that can't be beat! Warmer weather allows you to dine al fresco
Definitely I'm coming back!
This is a great little restaurant that not too many people know about it
The food is excellent for the prices
Inexpensive, great, Italian food
I was shocked to read the negative reviews
I've eaten here several times and have never had a bad experience
My friend lives in the neighborhood and it's his favorite
The food is wonderful
So many good vegetarian options -- I always find it difficult to decide
I've never had a problem finding a seat
The price is excellent
The wine great
