I will by a few cheesecakes and freeze them overnight so I can haul 'em over to California when I visit family and friends
They love me for that
Not only are their cheesecakes mouthwatering, they have excellent gelato and coffee drinks (their iced cappuccino has espresso gelato in it!)
In the summer, you can't pass up their lemonade
And of course their mini pastries and other cakes are excellent as well
One of my favorite places for dessert and coffee
At the very least, come here to get some desserts to go
The desserts here are excellent, and the reason that I continue to come
The coffee drinks they have are good as well, and are the major reason to sit down as opposed to simply ordering pastries or cakes to go
That having been said, I have to add a couple of disclaimers
First, the atmosphere is nothing special, and can be described as average
The service is also nothing special
Usually, it is average and you will be served in a reasonably timely manner
There are a few times where service is terrible, and sometimes just rude
This is an unfortunate side to what would otherwise be an excellent dessert place
This bakery and cafe has the largest selection of desserts in Manhattan
Great food and service
I waited for 30 minutes for seating at 10PM on a Saturday night
Highly recommended
Even if you never get to Sicily, you don't have to miss out on their cannoli and cheesecake (Sicilian cheesecake is basically cannoli filling cheesecake)
Seriously, it's like my Sicilian grandmother made them for me in her kitchen in Italy! Their espresso drinks are impeccable too
Can't recommend it enough
Can't go to New York and not stop here
It's one of the biggest things I miss about N
Y
The other bakeries are great but this one is outstanding
Now that I liveout of state I appreciate it more than ever
Nothing here comes close
This is it, the good stuff, the reason NYC is the center of the world
Absolutely the best Italian pastry shop in NYC
Criticism of the service is probably justified (though I have not had problems) because when this place is crowded (as usual, Friday and Saturday evenings) all Hell breaks loose
The only weak spot is the gelato
Whether you like each desert will depend on taste
But overall, this is the best
Ferrara's, by the way, alluded to in another review of Veniero's, is expensive and impoverished by comparison
I have to admit my feelings about this place will never be the same since that poor beautiful woman was electrocuted in front, for those of you who follow NYC news
Forget the cheesecake, Veniero's has the best cannolis in the city
Perhaps, the best outside of Italy
I'm currently in Los Angeles just thinking about Veniero's - the atmosphere - the neighborhood - oh and man oh man - the chocolate chip cannolis
Thank you Veniero's
Oh, and yeah, I have waited on line the night before Thanksgiving for one of their cheesecakes - well worth the hour wait and you get to meet some of NYCs finest too!
mixed fruit tart and cheese cake are one-of-a-kind
the pastries are not as good as the cakes
there are a total of 2 waiters/waitresses which make service slow
lines are almost always long
Once you eat these pastries, you will not be able to eat regular grocery store pastries again
So many choices here
Get the ones with the fruit and you can't go wrong!
The desserts are just divine here
Typical Italian desserts, no surprises
Try the cannolis and tiramisu
And it is fairly priced
Just dont count on the service to be pleasant or helpful
They are there to get you in and get you out as fast as possible
went on sunday evening w/ friends and all were knocked into a serious sugar eutopia by the time we left
everthing from the canoli's to cookies, to cakes were all sinfully delicious
highly recommend trying the sparkling brut wine w/ cannoli or chocolate treats
while the wait for your order is a lil on the slow side (plus surly attitude of some of the staff), the quality of the treats makes it worth!!!
TIP: holidays must go early, don't whine if you go too late! thanksgiving, xmas, mother's day worst time
can pre-order next door for pickup or delivery
I only go for take-out
the mini's are your best bet for entertaining - so many to choose from, also the bestest value, price has not skyrocketed in 5yrs time! love the banana/strawberry shortcake, made it our wedding cake mini's for our dessert bar svc
sit down svc is very slow when crowded (unless early in the morn)
other desserts too sweet (what did i expect?!)
cheesecakes/variety very good
but, place is pricey (cepting the mini's) rainbow cookies?? lorabies is better
SUM IT: heed my tip above! also MINI's are the best - impress on your next visit! if you must sit down do share to try variety
Try the tiramisu or the strawberry shortcake! ( the chocolate cake is also to die for!)
This is the best pastry shop in NY!!! Try their cheescake and their cannoli's!!!
What more can I say other than this place serves up the best desserrts I have evver had
I am considering naming my first born Cannoli
This is the best italian bakery
We plan our trip to NY to include several visits to this place
We love the cannolis, napoleons, and strawberry shortcakes especially
Try to assorted mini pastries!
Tasty fresh pretty cakes
delicious coffee try the Iced cap
WONDERFUL COOKIES!
Has been a favorite pastry place for both, restaurants and laymen as well!!
How could you possibly not like this place? The desserts are absolutely amazing
If you haven't been here, you have to go
Its like a drug
I love this place!
The prices are unheard of for its taste and quality
I would recommend the plain and strawberry cheese cakes
I also love the bannana/choc shortcake
If you thinks its crowded on the weekends--try around the holidays!!!!
The cannolis, cheesecakes, and fruit tarts are my personal favorites
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along
However, table service can be slow, especially if the place is packed
Still, the desserts are what you should be looking forward to
Absolutely hooked on this place!! Incredible cheesecake, mocha espresso cake, strawberry shortcake, tiramisu cake - have had them all
Super good!!!!!!!!! Their mini fruit tarts are also excellent
They have a cookie selection of cookies too
I hope they never close in my lifetime!!!!
The best strawberry shortcake I've ever had
The desserts are fresh, light and delicious
I was told that if you want good dessert, go to Veniero's
I certainly was not dissapointed
Veniero's has a huge variety of Italian desserts
