These raucous girls (?) are really funny and gang on you if you're not carefull
As for the lap dances, I really can't describe them here
My friends and I went to Lucky Cheng's on Saturday, 3/15 for my b'day and we had a BLAST!!!! Our waitress Yuca was awesome
The food was delicious and the show was the BOMB!!! I would definitely recommend anyone to go and check out Lucky Cheng's if you want to have lots of fun!!!
Not for the most prudish
Okay food at inflated NY prices
The highlights are in the friendly service (not to mention their hair) and chic styles of the waitstaff
There was also this awful sewer-like smell, but that was hopefully just that one time
My cousin took me to this place after visiting our Asian Drag restaurant Asia SF here in California and this place is great! The food is OK (sorry but ours is better) and the karaoke room is nice
The downstairs bar area is really tacky though
Everyone sits facing the bathrooms and the floor is falling apart
No heat down there either! What gives? I told my friends here in California about Lucky Cheng's and no one else has heard of it! Perhaps you guys should advertise more
It's been a while sice I went back to lucky cheng's, and to my surprise it has done a dramatic change
The food it's absolutely exquisite
All this thanks to a new chef whom I was introduce to called Julio Roldan
I'll be back without a doubt
As for the service, it has also improved significantly
Our waitress, GRETCHEN, was so much fun and very efficient
Went to dinner Thursday with my boyfriend and had a lovely time
Our waitress Torah gave me some great beauty tips and my boyfriend bought me a rose from the flower man! The soft music really set the mood for our romantic dinner
I hear that it is more wild on the weekends
I'm sure to come back again
my wife and i travel to n
y
c
a couple times a year and we always go to chengs
the first time we sat at the bar for drinks and saw the wild shows that go on right near us
although we have never ate there, we do drink and party because that place has some wonderful waitresses there
bree and kasha we luv you both, and can't wait to go back next year
bottom line they make you feel good when you are in that establishment and that is just as important as the meal itself
Hi i'm just writing this review because you must go there to see it to believe it! my girls and i took our men out expecting to see a bunch of clowns wll to my surprise the girls were beautiful! We exchanged makeup tips and welet them flirt with our men
The food was great try the steak!or the salmon
we can't wait to get back to see Ruby and Giselle they were our waitresses
Thanks for a fun night
the boys and i went to chengs after we sat around discussing trannsexuals and we disided to go there
well i swear it was fun some of the girls must be real thoses bodies! the food was real good too i had the steak it even filled me up! go there and have some drinks and flirt with the girls even have a drag box, it made our week!
The food was okay, not great, not bad
The waitresses, were very pretty; they all REALLY looked liked girls! Our favorite part, though, was the show! A dazzling drag queen with pink hair gave my brother a drag makeover and made him sing on the stage! It was hysterical! We copied the photos and put them on our holiday cards!  Yes, it's crowded and loud, but the energy is all about fun and outrageousness!
my girlfriends and i had heard so much about the girls we decided to take our girlfriend there for her bachlorette
when we walked in and the bartendress ,her name was lala, offred us an orgybowl i knew i was in the right place
Its a drink with flames!well if you think thats funny the drink was named a pink cat! she even had a lap dance right at the table
the prix-fix menu was great and later we went downstairs with a bunch of cute boys and sang grease songs! just when we thought it was all over a little asian man in a grass skirt wisked us away and led us to gillians isle
i swear it looked like it there we sat and chatted with the bartender william who we all will be coming back to see him squeeze fresh limes anytime
I had gone to Cheng's in the past, and it was OK, but my most recent trip
AMAZING! They must have a new chef, because the food is unbelievably appetizing, to both the eye and to the tongue
It's looking more appealing as well, they're doing a lot of renovating
If you ask me it's a must for your next party
Make sure you stop around the corner at Waikiki Wally's for an unbelievable cocktail
I'll meet you there!
I must say I can not say if I loved or hated this place
The food was surprinsingly good Chinese food
Do not expect a menu with Chinese dishes
The only Chinese on the menu were the dumplings
They serve more eclectic Asian influenced dishes, very well made
The atmosphere is not for all tastes, but if you're in the right mood you'll have a blast
Regardless if you make a reservation or not, be ready to wait an hour for your table
We waited over an hour, I was a bit mad
But after was all said and done, I actually wound up having a pretty good time
It's an experience I'll remember forever and recommend everyone in NYC to try atleast once
Would I ever go back? Probably, but just remember to have a snack before hand
I guess I both love and hate this place equally
Didn't know that you can leave reviews here but here it goes
The place is fabulous! I went here with a small group of friends this past Saturday and Tora was our waitress
Very beautiful as are the rest of the girls
We were told that they have a returning Chef from Sushi Samba and to try the specials
The food was great with the exception of the Pad Thai noodles (my friend's)
Too dry! The scallop appetizer special was heavenly as was the sweet and tangy Chicken
The floor show was a riot and so was Karaoke downstairs! By the way, their website needs to be updated
went to lucky chengs for dinner two saturdays ago
the wait wasnt too bad for 3 people
we were actually sat in a great location by the stage
the most exciting part was being served by their gorgeous asian waitress baby ru
you just cant keep your eyes off her
and plus, shes very pleasant and wonderfull
i think the highlight of our night was having been served by her
Two things this East Village legend has always been famous for
great cocktails and an edgy East Village ambiance that makes you forget your cares and just feel awesome
But the meal we had the other night was ALSO amazing! I asked the hot entertainer serving our table what's new in the kitchen and apparently they have lured the chef from Sushi Sambi, Miami, which I had actually been to
The flavors, presentation it was all there
Now there's THREE reasons to go to Lucky Cheng's
ITS LIKE A PSYCHEDELIC ASIAN BORDELLO-DISCO WITH BRILLIANTLY FUNNY SHOWS AND GREAT FOOD
THE NEW CHEF IS FANTASTIC AND THE GIRLS ARE ALWAYS A RIOT!!!
Went with a small group of friends and had a nice time
The waitresses are still as lovely as ever
The shows were OK
Reading the previous comments left, I'm surprised that they didn't ask when the show times were
The food is OK but I have to ask WHY they serve noodles with steak??? The steak was fine but I miss the wasabi mashed potatoes I had last time
The menu has changed since last I was there but still not interesting like Daily Chow or China Grill
By the way, what's with the toilet paper in the ladies' room? Felt like I was back at camp
the 'waitress' was drunk and nearly dropped a plate of food on me
the food was not good
the worst
AVOID AVOID AVOID
I went with a group of three went to Lucky Cheng's to celebrate a birthday
Evidently they're not friendly to small groups
Not only were we seated in an awful place, but they sat us at the end of a show so we missed all the fun
Additionally, our waitress was MIA most of the time
The only time she came by proactively was when the manager sat at the empty chair at our table
I'm sure this is fun if you're in a large group, but my friends and I won't be returning to find out
Went there last night for a friend's bachelorette party
