They have very good pizza, spicy for those who like spicy, different pizza
They have a rental video store in case you want to catch a movie right after that pizza
I love pizza with the cornmeal on the crust/bottom to keep it nice and crisp! Very good specialty pizzas like the Norman!
The pizza here is over-priced and of poor quality
Before you make the mistake of paying good money for this aweful pizza, take a good look at it
The pizza is soggy and mushy, while the toppings themselves are sparse and extremely dried out
All of the veggies are withered and the meats are crusty
The pizza just simply tastes how it looks, terrible
Skip this sad, sad excuse for pizza and go spend the money on hot dog and knish
You'll be better off
I love Two Boots Pizza
I think they are definitely unique
They have an awesome variety of non-traditional pizza
If you're looking for something different, this is a great choice!
I used to eat two boots while visiting by bf in new york
now he's moved away from manhattan, and i no longer get my two boots :( what i wouldn't give for a slice! although the ambience and service aren't the best, the taste surely make up for both!!!
Two Boots is a great place to go if you want good pizza with various flavors and funky names
Very vegetarian friendly
The pizza is too spicy, not the real italian cookery, if you'd like that
More like an odd pizza
The kitchen and counter areas not kept too clean either
Two boots pizza has the yummiest sauce! It is a little spicier than most pizza sauces, but creates a delightful taste for ones palette!
Delicious, creative toppings; great sauce; thin, crisp cornmeal-dusted crust; all prepared to perfection in a pleasantly funky setting
Nothing says yuk more than Two Boots
Two Boots overloads on spice, especially pepper
Its difficult to taste the sauce
Service is friendly, but stop asking me every two seconds may I help you?! Let me get in the darn store first!
Two Boots Pizza is delisious
The flavor is zesty and the crust is thin and flakey
The toppings are vast and also healthy
Not to my taste for pizza
Expensive
I tried the Grand central Location, which has nice decor
Best pizza in the city hands down- each location shines- I love the spicy combinations and cornmeal crust- finally NYC pizza that deserves to be called NYC pizza
I recently moved and now they are right around the corner- 3
00+ a slice is a little steep for pizza but this pizza is worthy of meal status
Two Boots has a great variety but my favorite is the plain cheese slice
It has a kick to it
It is spicy and has a lot of sauce
It's awesome
I like the differnt off-beat varieties, nice place
Everytime Im in the city I have to find my way there
Two Boots is a unique pizza place
Not the typical cardboard with rubber
O
K
yeah, it's sort of like cardboard, but then again NY style is cardboard thin
And, at least they dress it up a bit with the cornmeal
The spicy sauce they use is more tangy then spicy, which grows on you after awhile
I'd recommend the place if your looking for something different then the typical chain pizza or greasy rubber and cardboard pizza
A medium pizza here is more like a giant one elsewhere
Excellent ingredients -- typical New York service (lousy!) And they let a dog inside!!!!
Who says pizza has to be chewy, greasy and smothered in red sauce? Two Boots has reinvented pizza with pizzazz
There's more flavor (and imagination) in one slice here than in all the Rays Originals in the city
It's just bad
This is pizza for tourists not purists
Pizza should not have crayfish on it
Nor should it have lemon zest on it either
I cringe everytime I walk past one of these horrible establishments
If you need to add hip trendy ingredients (watercress?!?!?!) to make your pizza taste good, you need to call it something other than pizza
This doo-doo should be against the law in NYC
Their motto should be
and it's overpriced two boot
I like my pizza fresh out of the oven so I ordered a new pizza and did not take the ones that were displayed on the front counter
The pizza here is really good
I ordered Mr
Pink The sauce is great too
I always come here when I feel like eating pizza
My brother first told me about Two Boots pizza about two years ago
I just thought, it can't be all that
So we went one day, I ordered a pepperoni slice
I was in the middle of a conversation, and I bit a peice of the slice, and I was like WHOA! This pizza is gooooooood
Ever since then, nothing compares, nothing comes close
Two Boots pizza is definitely the best pizza in the city
I also like the establishments, very cool decoration, funky
It's a great dining experience
GREAT PIZZA !!!! A MUST FOR PIZZA LOVERS!!!  MUST GO !!!!!!!!
I know that a lot of people seem to like their pizza, but I just don't get it
They definitely go overboard on the garlic and semolina and forget that the whole point of the pie is dough, tomato sauce and cheese
I've had this stuff quite a few times hoping that I'll come to understand the fuss, but each time the cheese gets nastier and the tomato sauce skimpier
The people who rave about this are clearly out of towners
Two Boots is my absolute favorite
I love them so much
I wouldn't have it any other way
Two boots has the best pizza
It has been my absolute favorite pizza since it opened
If I ever moved out of NYC, I would dream about Two Boots! Everything else pales in comparison!
who could ask for a hotter slice!! The semolina crust rocks and the thin crisp crust is oh so tasty
Pizza is always fresh and quick
Although during lunch, the line can be quite long
Great pizza equally important great variety
Take out or eat in, two boots offers great pizza at a reasonable price
When I'm a little low on the cash flow, I know I can always go to Two Boots and fill up on some delicious and affordable slices of pizza with soda and be satisfied without breaking the bank
There are all types of interesting topping combinations for the pizza - so it's nice to have a little something different! The pizzas have a cornmeal crust which is also something different - and tasty too! The restaurant is always kept real clean, and there are nice big windows for people watching
The staff is really polite too
A great place to pick up a good, cheap bite, and not feel self-conscious if you're alone either!
The chick peas make the whole thing
And with andouille sausage
heaven!
Went yesterday to Ave A Two Boots
