Most impressive are the buttery, tender Maine lobsters weighing into the double digits, and Alaskan snow crab legs served on aristocratic silver platters
Warm up with spicy chorizo or fresh clams casino buried under bread crumbs and bacon, but beware and share: Portions are tremendous and everything comes with crisp, Spanish-style potatoes, yellow rice and green beans
Francisco's is friendly to fish-phobes, but there's plenty of meat to eat, too, including thick pork chops in a garlicky pimento and pork jus
I chose this restaurant as the place to treat my ma to lobster based solely on reading the reviews and write-ups and I was completely satisfied with the experience! We, a group of six, arrived not too long after opening
The complimentary salad was extremely fresh, crisp and tasty
We took some time deciding on our entrees but the waiters were professional, pleasant and patient
When the food arrived, it was plentiful and delicious
Everyone at the table was happy with their meal and relished the fact that there would definitely be leftovers
The desserts -- I sampled four -- were scrumptious! The cheesecake in particular was unbelievable! One more highlight, the bill was totally reasonable
Under their current management, I would definitely recommend Francisco's to anyone
Quite honestly, I would run back for the cheesecake alone!
I had by fiancee's birthday party dinner here- the food was to die for
Everyone keeps thanking me for introducing them to great food at a reasonable price
The waiters and staff were so attentive- they made the night!!! Thanks
I am very pleased to know that I can bring all my friends to eat great food!
If you like Lobster--this is the place to go
Virtually everywhere you looked, the diners were feasting on Lobster
We started with the large House Salad--delicious!!! I had Twin pound and a quarter lobsters that were fantastic! and at a reasonable price
! Not being a lobster eater, my spouse had the Valencia Paella which he found to be excellent
We ordered a pitcher of Sangria--which went well with the meal
Our total bill was unbelievably low
Anytime I get another lobster craving--this will be the place I will be heading to
We went there on a monday night, so we got seated right away, the place being virtually empty
The service was suprisingly slow considering
For appetizers we took an assortment of sea food, everything was cold and watery, completely tasteless
We then took a small lobster each, which there all pretty good
The wine was blunt
I found it slightly pricey, but then again I supposed lobster always is
Overall, definetly not up to the hype
Fun environment, good sangria, great lobster place, very affordable
Have lived in the neighborhood and been frequenting for years
Love it!
This place is totally awesome
I live around the corner and have been there about 100 times
The losters and crab legs are just awesome
They make great sangria
My parents always get the paella and cant wait to go back
If you dont like lobster the broiled seafood platter is out of this world and the platter for one can easily be shared by two
You get salad and bread with every meal
BOTTOM LINE GO THERE
YOU MAY HAVE TO WAIT FOR A TABLE BUT IT IS WELL WORTH IT
They do accept reservations if you have a party of 6 or more
'Surf and turf' doesn't mean standing water on my plate - making my steak and rice all wet
Listen guys: If you're going to tout yourself as a lobster restaurant, at least know how long it takes to steam them
Cook it too long and the lobster meat turns to mush (exactly what was on my plate)
How do you screw up a steak? Ask the cook - not only did he do that, but he forgot to trim it before cooking
Why should I have to perform surgery at the table?  Will I be back? Not a chance
i had the best lobster at this place
the waiter was very nice and very patient with me, took the time to explain what was what and if the portions would be too large/small
the place was packed but not too loud - 11 pm on a friday night
nice atmosphere and i can't wait to go back again!!
The service was horrible! When we arrived the restaurant was empty but the host refused to seat us because we were missing a couple that was still looking for parking
I normally understand if the place is busy but we were the only ones there
Since we had to wait, we decided to get a drink but the bartender ignored us even when we made it known that we would like to order a drinks
When we were having dinner the waiter never bother to refill our water and forgot to bring our side order
We had to ask for our sides
We over heard a couple next to us complaining that their main course was served before their appetizers
The menu variety was VERY limited, only seafood with nothing Spanish about it
The food was not that good and seemed even worse when you combine it with the service
For 44$ a meal, this food was horrible
I will never return
If service were what mattered, they'd be awesome tho
The service was amazing
But I couldn't eat my food
It tastes so good when it hits the lips
I'm not talking about beer, my friend -- I speak of the tender meat of the lobster
Whether it be 2, 3, 5 or 12 pounds, it must be consumed in one sitting and, due to the delectable preparation of Francisco's, it shall be
Trust me
How can Man be so gluttunous? In the face of such mammoth portions, the real question is how can Man not be
The side dishes are humoungous and excellently spiced as are the appetizers (though there is no need for them)
The sangria is appropriately strong and sweet and all other minor flaws are relegated to nugatory status as a result
What are those flaws? The wait is long and the waiting space is not
The service is also haphazard but the food and prices are well worth it
Please go
Everything else is sub-par
You get a lot with your order, but it doesn't taste very good
again, unless you like lobster
Decor is blah
Service is nice enough, but nothing special
I wouldn't go again, and I recommend you don't either
I come here at least once a month from about an hour and a half away
The lobsters are unbelievable and the service is tops
Great Sangria too!! THE BEST!!!
If you love lobster then this is the place for you!! Prices are very reasonable, especially for Manhattan
They also have a lobster for every appetite
The night I was there they had 1 1/4 lb to 16 lb lobsters
I don't know who could possibly eat a 16 lb lobster but it would be fun to watch!!
Everything was great! Prompt service
The food was very good and you have a lot of dishes to choose from when looking at the menu
The lighting was very romantic and gave you the privacy you need
The manager for July 9th night was very attentive and cordial
Even remind me about my umbrella
It is a great place if you have a large group of people
I highly recommend it
Take it from a person who has gone to many NYC restaurants
This place is great! huge portions for decent prices, and fresh seafood!! They keep their spanish authenticity and have kept us coming back for more!!!
I go to Francisco's every time I have a friend in town
The lobster is fresh, the portions are extremely generous and the price is unbeatable, especially considering how fresh the seafood is
It's the kind of place where you want to go back to before you even finish your meal
I highly recommend the experience for everyone
