The only bad thing was that we felt slightly rushed because it is such a popular place
Strangely enough, we got lucky and didn't have to wait at all, although we went at night
Bon Appetit!
my roomie and i tried this place soon after moving here; the ambience was great if you like that bustling italian atmosphere
we were seated quickly and service was prompt
the pizza was pretty good; fresh basil and cheese were yummy
classic crusty bottom
not the cheapest pizza in town but good to try
We usually go to NYC 3-4 times a year
We ALWAYS go for lunch
The best pizza
We have never had to wait in line, as we always go for lunch
Simply put -- some like 'em wet and sloppy, others like 'em thin and crispy
Count me in as the latter and Lombardi's fall into the former catergory
The pie has a fresh yeasty scent (ugh!) when you bite into it and it is served with a burnt bottom and a chewy mouth fill
Since I'm bias towards thin, crispy pizzas, I did not enjoy Lombardi's version at all
It's a matter of personal preference so I can't fault Lombardi's
The service is good, the atmosphere is charming, and the value is fair
I have eaten at Lombardi's a number of times
I have to say, great pizza, not good ambience
Why would you have the lights on so bright (like daylight) at night? Was obviously much too bright
But great food!
The pizza was pretty good, it did come out a little fast and wasn't hot
The service was fantastic, the seating host was nice, the waitress was a gem and the bus boy noticed my table wabbling and stopped by to put something under the leg so it would stop
I didn't prompt him or anything, totally great service
there is nothing special about this place
they must live on old reputation
i recommend this
the new desogn is wonderful
much more seating faster service
After waiting over an hour on a hot and humid summer night, my date and I were finally seated
We were taken care of immediatley and ordered the large pie with fresh garlic and wild mushrooms and a salad
Our salad arrived right away, and our pie arrived just as were were finishing the salad
It looked beautiful; cheese nicely arranged and julienned strips of basil sprinkled about
But the mushrooms were domestic, cultivated paper thin slices of cremini's and hardly what I would call wild
The sauce was sharp, bitter and acidic and the cheese was spongy and rubbery
Too bad the pizza wasn't as good as the service! Lombardi's? A major disappointment
I did not comment on the Ambience and Service, because I never ate here - I ALWAYS order the pizza delivery from this place, and I can't believe how delish the pizza alway is
Its not the typical greasy, oily tomato sauce pizza that youll get fro every other New York pizzeria place
Its got this traditional old school authentic taste to it
Also, it tastes best without any toppings
So yeah, definitely order this out for delivery instead of going here
That way you won't have to stand on line
Also - this pizza is so good, that even after sitting around for 2 days you bite into to is an go oh gawd this is so good!
Putting fresh garlic in the cheese
and I'm talking tons of it
is a brilliant idea
This place has the best pizza in the city
when you come to NY you have to get a pie here
If you go on the weekend you'll be waiting
it's open till Midnite
i have been going to Lombardis for 10 years and i live on the upper east side so it is a journey
Th4 crust is just right and not heavy,the sauce and toppings are FRESH,FRESH,FRESh
And they give you FREE fresh garlic on your pizza
I get a large and freeze most of it so thaT I CAN HAVE IT WHEN I want it and it reheats nicely
they just expanded the dineing room so you may not have wait in the long line that they useually have on the weekend nights
this pizza is the best -- my husband and I ate a whole one ourselves, with meatballs and fresh garlic
This place is a NYC must
It's worth the wait if there is a line
They just renovated and expanded their space and they still are packing them in
I would stick to the pizza
We had the tomatoe and mozarella salad and it was pretty weak
The pizza is outstanding and the service is very quick!
My husband and I flew in to NYC for the long weekend to see the city
We took one of those red bus tours and they mentioned Lombardi's
We got right off and we in
The service was fast
Yes, the place is small, but I have seen smaller places
Any ways
we got the pizza really fast and both my husband and I ate a whole large ourselves! The pizza was great
We did not get anything fancy, just sauce, fresh mozerella and basil, but the crust was SOOO good
I am glad we did not add any other toppings
Personally if we go to NYC again, we will stop there again
our company has been ordering delivery from lombardi's for years now! the only way to get everyone interested in boring company meetings is by bribing them with lombardi's pizza!  we love the food! delicious!
Lombardi's first impression: nice pizza parlor like room, ambiance great, BUT THEN they send you somewhere else
we got shoved in a narrow hallway next to the kitchen, which was really noisy
One would think that you would at least have better service here
especially being so close to the kitchen with a lot of waiters coming/going alot, but we were wrong
By the time we ate through half our pizza which the crust too salty tasting, we had finished our sodas and were dying of thirst
Where was the waiter? We didn't finish our pizza, could not pallet another bite, ended up throwing it away
We finally flagged down another server who brought us more to drink, and then they took forever with the check
We usually leave a tip, but not this time
We were almost on the verge of getting up and leaving without paying
NEVER AGAIN!
Be there RIGHT when it opens
It's still crowded but you can be seated without a wait
Otherwise you will have to wait for the experience
The pizza lived up to the hype
Very inexpensive
This was the spot of my first date with my Angel Face, so I'll try to be objective
If I had to pick a pizzaria to have my last meal at, this would be it! The pizza is beyond words
The clam pizza is sooooo good!!! You have to give it a try
If you are coming into NYC and never had a NYC pizza, you must come here
Needless to say, when my Honey and I feel like pizza and want to reminisce, guess where we go
I'm 100% Sicilian, so I'm a good judge of good pizza
THIS IS GREAT PIZZA!
When my brother and I we had too much pizza in New York, we would like to order something else from the menu
Recommended by other reviewer, we ordered a clam pie
When the pie came to our table, we were thinking
oh no! is a pizza again! To our surprise, this pie is definately different! This is the best pizza that we have ever taste!  We arrived at 4pm, so no waiting was necessary
