Every single time I come, I've tried a type of fish I've never had!   I'm a happy man!
After waiting close to an hour in the waiting area, enjoying some superb sake, and spotting Lou Reed, Michael Stipe, Danny Aiello, and Russel Simmons leave, we were anticipating a really great meal
Blue Ribbon Sushi did not disappoint, like the Bromberg Brothers other ultra-successful establishments: Blue Ribbon Bakery (French) Blue Ribbon (Brasserie), Blue Ribbon Sushi is a clear cut above it's ever expanding competition
Forget about 10 varieties of fish, in here it's closer to 60, and they have both Traditional style, as well as New Age Sushi, Sashimi, as well as Japanse Entrees
The sushi pieces here are small, but melt in your mouth
Since '96 this place has been jam packed till 3AM, and it's still the case, due to masterpieces like the Honoo Platter
My family has been there at least 50 times, we love it
This place blew me and my family away
I did not like waiting 3 hours to get in, but it is worth it, and YES, we can easily see why Blue Ribbon Sushi is packed by City Locals 7 nights a week till 3 AM
Years ago I ate in Japan, tasting fish I'd never even heard of before, now I can do that again!  Forget about places with huge pieces or less than 30 variety of fish, they simply can't compare to this SOHO master piece that deliveries time and time again! I love this place!
Japanese Food = Excellence at this trendy, consistent japanese restaurant
Mouthwatering sushi, sashimi, and appetizers and entrees makes this place a solid choice for impressing high headed critics and wowing plebians alike
What? Good presentation? One roll I ordered came broken and undone!!! Someone mentioned that sushi rice isn't good-I have to agree
It's not sticky enough so they compress the rice too hard
Good quality sushi? Who can tell in that dark restaurant? I'm not an expert sushi person but I know when I eat good sushi
Who are they kidding?
Went here with my husband for our anniversary
Probably the most disappointing anniversary dinner we had in a long time!!! Sushi was ok but everything else was just nasty
Definitely overrated
Not worth going-not once!!! Trust me, all you'll get is a disappointment
It's so wrong that this place exists
For the price that they charge, I expected so much more quality and creativity in their dishes
I'm not sure if they realize it, but the place is too dim for sushi place
You can't even see if their sushi is fresh!!!! Presentation is nice but it's just that
Very disappointing
Never go again
sushi here is just okay, not really innovative and not so bad either
I guess it's what you'd expect for the price you're paying for
I didn't really like the traditional sushi there
I just like their western-influenced sushi like dragon roll type of sushi
Good to go once but not really a place I'd go back to
The service was not too bad, but nothing exciting or great about it
the food here is wonderful, sat at the counter on a sunday good if they're not too crowded because the space is small
it's a joy to watch the chef work, who refused to take my order but seeing him open my live scallop made me understand why
he's too busy!  raw scallops are nothing new for me but the cooked scallop liver served as a dipping sauce brought my culinary experiences to new heights! looking forward to coming back whenever my wallet allows
what anice place, they took my cell phone called when my table was ready
my boyfriend who eats sushi all the time told me this was the best place in the city and he is right! my waitress was very polite and her recommendations were perfect for someone like me
they also have great sakes dessert
my (japanese) boyfriend said the reviews here are strange because some don't offer any real information to back up their reviews and the japanese ones sound snobish because many japnese eat chawan mushi after or during the meal though it is consider an appetizer just like the way they drink miso soup
What is the big deal about the sushi here? I don't understand a bit
It wasn't anything special-I couldn't believe how much they charged for it though!!! I could easily make better sushi at home and pay less than half
I love sushi but not this joint
IT'S NOT WORTH A VISIT!!! THERE'S NO BIG DEAL HERE!!!
I took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed!!! I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price
I may not be a sushi guru but I can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it
Rice is too dry, tuna wasn't so fresh either
Nothing really came across as outstanding
Very disappointed
The food was not great the waiters were rude
It is not worth going at all and spend your money there!!!
I went back again, it was still not good
I returned to this place once more before I could really say that the sushi here is terrible because there are so many people on here who rate it 10's!! But I'm positive it doesn not meet up to that score
If you're into fusion type of sushi, there are many others who do it better-like Sushi of Gari
This place is just too mediocre in everything
I wouldn't complain if the pricing was lower-because that's how much lower expectation I would have had for this place
This place is not it for me-Chawanmushi is something we eat for appetizer but it came after we finished eating sushi!! But it is listed as appetizer on the menu too!! It also had FAKE crab meat made of fishcake that you can find in Chinatown!!! AND, there was no dashi whatsoever
AND, there were too much mitsuba on it
Anyone who's ever tasted chawanmushi remotely close to the authentic one, please, don't try it
It's nauseating
Also, sushi really doesn't taste all that great
It's already a high score that I gave all ones
Really upsets me that this type of place exists
brought a friend in from out of town who claimed sushi is better in the west coast
so we got some otoro, raw lobster, live scallops small large, two kinds of live sea urchin, orange clam that moved in my mouth, white tuna, a whole fish from japan with fried bones after, three kinds of oysters, fish liver, crispy skin of salmon, a poping dynamite, a super premium sake called kill the devil and green tea flavored cream brule with a shot of aged wine (like a ruby port!) THANK YOU B
R
S
for shutting him up!
This place is not a good sushi restaurant because sushi here is expensive for it's quality-very average
For the price I paid I expected more
It's definitely not a place I'd returned to, because I've gone to much better places for this price
For innovative fusion type of sushi, I'd go to Sushi of Gari, and for authentic Kanto region style sushi, I'll goto Yasuda
Blue Ribbon doesn't cut it for either types for me, but it's got nicely decorated interior and mediocre service
Some reviewers who comment as if they are Sushi Connoisseurs are very unlikely so
I agree with vitaminmk about the sushi here lacking authenticity and quality
I agree with eastandwest that not all Japanese have taste for sushi, but disagree that this place deserves such high remarks
BTW, It's not Sushi meshi, it's Sumeshi
It's not sari (that's a Indian costume), it's Shari
No, this is not what sushi is supposed to be
First off, it's too dark in there-can't see if the fish is fresh
I enjoy the presentations and colors of fishes because I can't tell its freshness and quality from that
But not here, it's too dark
AND, they do not know how to cook sushi rice-just as important as the fish
It could be a nice lounge setting but not for sushi
Neta is not so good either anyway
This wonderful place exceeded my expectations - fresh, imaginative, friendly, excellent
I can't wait to try the new Blue Ribbon Sushi in Broklyn
Everything these guys do is great!
blue ribbon is one of the best sushi places in nyc where believe it or not is difficult to find bad sushi
ny sushi are full of innovations and has a great variety of approach not much different from japan in terms of regional variations in stye
the way blue ribbon prepares the sari shows the chef understanding of it's pairing with the toppings it's served with
this generalization can not be taken literaly but must express the essence of the chefs taste and his menu
looking thru city search you will find reviewers claiming to be japanese and there for have a understanding of sushi
this is complelety ludicrous
because you are french doesn't mean you know the relationship between ugni blanc saint-emilion just because vitaminmk is japanese doesn't mean he knows the relationship between sari sumeshi or the way fish should be cut!
How to describe the best sushi in NYC: hmmmm, delicious, amazing, fantastic, suculent, perfect, nah, all of the above
I can't saybenough good things about this restaurant, and I can't wait for my next several visits
The best Chuwam Mushi I have ever had
Perfect on a cold day
$6 with tip
Perfection
