We had dined at Cafe Espanol on Carmine and the service could have been better, the restaurant was poorly lit making it hard to read the menu, and the Paella Valenciana was too salty
Cafe Espanol on Bleecker is the best
We celebrated a birthday dinner at Cafe Espanol on a Thursday night and it was a BLAST! By calling ahead of time, they gave us the option to choose from two pre-set menus (incl
appetizer, main course, coffee, desert and unlimited Sangria/Wine/beer for 3hrs!)! Prices were very reasonable and the food was very good! The birthday girl arrived an hour late, but the waiter insisted that it was not a problem! As soon as she arrived and said her Hellos, the appetizers were on the table! The waiter was very attentive and treated us very nice! Service was GREAT! We were pretty loud, but we were practically the only ones in the area we were seated (Sullivan St
entrance)
Highly recommended!!!
This place is almost always busy, but because its so huge you'll almost always get a table
I only had to wait when I came with a large party
The Food is Great, I've been to a lot of High rated Spanish places in the city and can honestly say that Espanol's tapas are the best
Everything is very Authentic I spent time in Spain, loved their food and Espanol is the closest alternative to Castiles food
The service is sometimes slow, simply because they are often very busy
I've tried sangria in A LOT of different places and theirs is The BEST
If your looking for a place to get some very good food, sit back and relax, enjoy your time with friends and a decent price go to Espanol, get a pitcher of Sangria and a must Shrimp in Garlic sauce and Pulpo a la Gallego
Enjoy!
Excellent value, fresh seafood and grat lobster specials
I been in the neighborhood for years and have been a customer for years
The staff is very accomodating and the Sangria is great
Great outdoor garden, great for groups or a romantic dinner for two
Went there for lunch yesterday and had the $10
95 3 course special
As soon as the basket of tortilla chips arrived with what seemed like an enchilada sauce (definitely not salsa), we started wondering if the restaurant served Spanish food or Mexican food
The food was not good at all, starting with the green salad, and the entrees (garlic chicken, chicken extreme) were chicken doused in oily sauce
To top it off, the sangria tasted like pepsi, since it had some carbonation
We ate outside, so we don't know how the interior is, but not a very good atmosphere since the road was very busy and it got loud
At least the flan was decent
Been there several times; great food, ambience and value! The garden in back is so cute and romantic, complete with a pond with real turtles! The food is so good and inexpensive -- especially if you go for lunch
The service is great, they kept noticing whenever my water glass was getting low and filled it up several times without me having to ask
Great place, especially for the money!
We had dinner the other night there and it was very good
The Sangria and Margaritas are excellent
We had lobster, Paella, and a few Tapas, we all thought everything was very very good
The best was that it is very reasonably priced
We had a great time,  P
S
Sit out in the back garden if you go, its beautiful
I can't belive that this place still gets customers
but then again, they probably don't know what spanish food should taste like
The food in this restaurant was by far the worst spanish food(or any food) for that matter
The paella valenciana (one thing that you'd think they can't mess up in a SPANISH restaurant) tasted nothing like it should
The jamon tasted like it was cut up 3 weeks before we got there
Even sangria didn't taste like it was sangria
If you want authentic spanish food, this is the last place you should look
My friend and i left all our food exactly the way we got it and left very mad
These guys are great
I ordered the food and the restaurant manager delivered the food because his delivery guy was out sick
The food is great
Totally recommend them
Cafe Espanol is hands down one of the best restaurants in NYC
Incredible food (garlic shrimp and Steamed Lobster are musts; the filet mignon is also incredible) and the barstaff make one of the best margaritas I've ever had
Great food; incredibly friendly and attentive service; who could ask for anything more!
We've been many times--it's fun with a group or as a couple
Now my sons are taking dates there for great food and amazingly attentive service
Forget the sangria--the white rioja is crisp, dry and delicious
Perfect with summer and lobster
We've NEVER been disappointed yet, and after all, consistancy is what makes a great restaurant successful over generations of dining guests!!!
We came in during lunch time and saw their ad for a 3 course meal for $9
95
It was a good deal
Had a soup, drink and main course
My friends got the garlic chicken (garlicky! yum!) and I had the pork chops extremena (sauteed peppers and sauce)
Overall, this place has a very cozy ambiance
Make sure you know what kind of soup you're ordering
we didn't know the Gazpacho was ice cold salsa
For any visitors
check this place out
Dinner tends to be packed as it is a small restaurant
PERFECT! Best value in city
$9
95 for beer/wine/soda, entree (1/2 lb scallops), soup or salad (get soup), 2 sides (BIG), flan coffee
AWESOME! I had tapas and it was like Spain again
Small place, but food quantity and value is worth the trip! I'm from SC and m yparty of 5 will go back next year! 11/10/03 WENT BACK--PERFECT AGAIN!!!
Very good , attentive great lobster and samngria highly recommended, reasonalby priced
The paella was really fine
But as far as the lobster is concerned--forget it! True I only ordered a 1 1/4 pound lobster
But this lobster was emaciated and stuffed with breading
There wasn't one single mouthful
However, my husbands paella was good and big enough for the two of us
Excellent food, excellent service, and hot mexicans
You cant go wrong
My friend had a fiarwell party here last night
first thing that we got was wild asparagus
It was sooo mush and had no flavor
We got shrimp in garlic sauce - they were very tough, must be frozen shrimps
And we got whole bunch of mussles
This was the real problem
They all had SO MUCH SAND/MUD in(and outside on the shell) them!!! I had a bite and couldn't continue
One of us complained about it, but no credit or anything was refelected in the check
Go here if you want to taste real Mud/Sand
Cafe Espanol has a pretty good deal going on
any soup, any entree up to $16
95 on the menu, and flan for $15
95
So, I decided to try that (with my entree being the Paella Marinera)
First of all, the portions are huge
and they give you A LOT of seafood
The quality of the food is not top notch
but it's not bad either
a solid mediocre
But for the price, who's complaining? The service is kind of rushed
bordering on intrusive
