It was another amazing night as well
Anybody looking for true Italian food? Il mulino won't disspoint you!!!
I go here any time I have a special occasion, it is the most amazing dining experience
The menu is confusing but just tell them what you want and they will make it and believe me, the flavors are the most brilliant and savory that I have ever tasted
A true italian gem!
The horrible service ruined the whole night for us
We felt pressured and uncomfortable
When we sat down, they kept pressuring us to order wine despite our not wanting to
Waiters kept whispering to each other and repeatedly coming over to suggest that we order wine
There were many rude displays throughout the night
Five staff members stared at us throughout the meal
The portions were large so we asked to take some food home, in separate bags
It was brought in the same bag
I asked the captain to bring the food in separate bags and he loudly said, Oh, I guess you are not getting lucky tonight
We had strawberries for desert ($20 for six berries and dipping sauce
) The food was a bit better than average overall, but not worth the price, and the horrible service will ensure that I will never return to this restaurant
First it was impossible to get a reservation
Their phone line was eternally busy
Then we waited 2 hours for our table with a reservation
The place was more crowded than the 4, 5 train on a snow day during rush hour
The food was OK but you can certainly expect to be seated promptly at other restaurants with similar food and ambience in New York
There is no way I will come back!  PS if you must go, go during the week or in summer where you might get better service
Our office Holiday Part was an absolute bust at this old-school rip-off over-rated establishment
The waiter are skilled at switching guests to high priced options of mediocre unimaginative food
It's time for people to take the sun glasses off and see this has been for what it is!
My boyfriend and I took my parents there for Hanukkah and we had the most amazing time
Unfortunately we had to wait for our table with a reservation, but they gave us free appetizers at the bar, and a glass of wine with apologies
The staff, the food, incredible!!! I have been there with my boyfriend before, and we had the same exact experience
This has become my favorite restaurant treat! SO WORTH IT!!!
Went last night with friends, while the service and ambiance were great the food was not
In fact it was barely average for a restaurant of that caliber
And, if you consider the price of the entrees ($55) it was below average
I had a veal chop that, while large, was extremely bland
We ordered salads and the ceaser tasted like it had bottled dressing and the chopped salad didn't taste good at all
I'm glad I went but I won't ever go back
There is outstanding italian food at half the price all over this city
one of the best, if not the best italian resaurant i've ever been too
a suggestion for those who wait in line
do lunch! show up early! yes it's high dollar but it's worth it
if you plan to be in the city, i suggest you try this one
DO NOT try the new Manhasset location
You will have to wait one hour with a reservation and the maitre'd actually had the audacity to say We can do whatever we want, Long Island people have no where else to go
Stick to the city restaurant if you want to wait an hour for your reservation!
What more can I say, this restaurant is amazing! I've been going since 1981 and it will always be my favorite
No one else can compare to Il Mulino!!!!
As another reviewer stated: passe sothern Italian food; and sooooo salty
I can't believe this is rated on of NY's best
Btw I'm Italian from NYC
Over-priced, long waits (even with reservations), heavily garlicked southern Italian food is pass
I went to Il Mulino for the first time last night and yes we had to wait 45 min for our table and I made the reservation two months ago
The atmosphere is nothing special and they sure do pack people in
The food is good, but nothing extraordinary
I had spaghetti bolognese and caprese salad to start and both were good, but very very salty!! The prices are over the top and for what? If you want a similar experience, but much better food, service and ambiance go to Scalinatella
This place is definitely somewhere I do not need to go again
There are many restaurants in NYC that you expect to wait for a table
River Cafe, Daniel, Le Bernardin and Union Square Cafe would not be in that list
So why does Il Mulino charge the same prices and think that it is fine to keep you hanging on for 2 hours for a reservation
I have to eat out a lot for work and have been to most of the top restaurants in the major cities in the US - the Maitre d' at Il Mulino is the worst I have come across
Arrogant, rude, clueless - not worth the effort
Not so much as an apology was offered by the ignoramous for keeping my friends and me waiting until midnight on Friday (and up to that point I had been very polite) - at which time we left with out paying our bar tab never to return
The service was WONDERFUL!!! The personality of the servers (there were probably 4 just for us) was superb!!!! They treated us like we were the only folks in the restaurant----and I like that
My mother, sister and I were in NYC for a long weekend and this place was HIGHLY recommended
It was worth every dime! We got pictures with our waiter or whatever he was called
The size of our disappointment at formerly dependable Il Moulino was only exceeded by the size of the check
They crammed 8 of us into a tiny corner meant for 6 and then made sure to bump our heads with their unapologetic elbows at least every 4 minutes
Little Italy-style hambone performances by the waiters (actually saying fugettaboutit 4 times during specials) was embarassing and did nothing to hide the fact of of being charged for 4 bottles of wine when we only ordered 3
Twenty dollar desserts? They're worth $12
And worst of all, even the still-high quality of most dishes can't balance the sad clientele, which was an inordinate number of rude, loud, aggressive tri-state imports, aspiring to achieve low-class Sopranos schmaltz, and failing even at that
It's a good thing we've got Botino, Il Postino, and the Battali group, for Il Moulino is no more
Il Mulino waiters hover over you from the second you walk in - over one shoulder comes the brushetta, the other the pepperoni, and more and more
Its fun from the get-go
The risotto was top notch but beware of the specials - this place ran over $600 at lunch for a party of 4
Talk about sticker shock
Go on the company or go elsewhere
No better Italian restaurant in NY
Expensive, but worth it
After waiting over a month for weekend reservations, I would of rather gone to IL Baggato
Food was good but overall I would never return
Not worth the time or money
With a reservation we waited over an hour and ahalf
Then after needing a translator for the menu which is too hard to read and to dark to see
Not my idea of a great night
I guess you can't win them all
The food was quite good and very plentiful, and the service was attentive and excellent
However, it is markedly overpriced
My party of three found the restaurant to be too dark, overcrowded, and unpleasantly noisy
We felt like we were eating in a packed subway car going through a tunnel at rush hour, with strangers talking loudly in our ears and jostling us from all sides
An unpleasant dining experience for all of us
Afterwards, we were relieved to escape to the peace and quiet of the New York streets
Once upon a time, this was THE Italian in the City
And, you probably could have found some folks who said it was the best anywhere
Not any more! It's pompous, overpriced, overcrowded and overrated! There are plenty of other top-notch Italians where you don't have to put up with the BS and the ridiculous prices! Ask about the prices on Specials and check your bill! They'll rip you off if you let them! Oh! The food?? Lots of it but marginal at best!
Best Italian place in the city
Food is fantastic! Second only to Santopadre or Tre Scalini in Roma
But bring you wallet and make reservations
I had the pleasure of someone else paying, which always works for me
This is our favorite pig out meal in NY
We have been several times and have loved the food every time
The room is cramped with tight tables so try to go with four people instead of two
The veal is amazing as is all the free food they bring you to start
