why? because it's different
don't expect regular NY slices here
Two Boots adds a little Cajun flavor to the sauce which is addicting
and a interesting assortment of toppings
Mr
Pink is the all time fave
The pizza is thin with a satifying crispy crust
It is a small space but who cares, it's a PIZZA joint!! Their other locations are great too!!
Best pizza I had in my one week stay in NY
Great sauce, great crust and great value
Must try while in NY
A variety of pizzas with unique names, yet they all have one thing in common: they're bland!! The spicy sauce may add a kick, but in no way makes up for the overall paucity of flavor
Don't let the catchy names fool you- it's mediocore pizza no matter what you call it
The Mel Cooley pizza is amazing
If you get other pizzas, make sure to get the spicy sauce (you won't regret it)
We were running late before the theater so we ordered delivery to the hotel
It took about an hour but was well worth it
The medium pizza cheese was HUGE, much bigger than what a normal large is at other places
Words cannot describe how good it was, you just have to try it
i hardly ever get toppings on my pizza when i go to ray's-- why mess with perfection? the thin, crisp (not burnt!) crust, pleasantly sweet sauce, and always gooey cheese combine to make the best slice (or two, or three) of pizza you'll ever taste
Best pizza in New York City! The restaurant also has the greatest food
The Chicken Marsala is the best I've ever had
FYI - This is the true original Ray's that others have tried to copy
It's been documented
$3 for tomato, onion, garlic pizza and the salad pizza
Garlic knots to die for! I didn't think they were rude
just fast paced so read the menu and decide first before you get in line
I could eat it every day!
This is the quintesential New York slice: cheesy cheese, piquant tomato sauce, crisp, chewy and flavorful crust, all in perfect balance
Skip the fru-fru toppings and go for the basic slice
Add a Root Beer and you are all set
Pizza is a food group for me! This is the best pizza you can get by the slice and I travel for good pizza
Yea the guys might be moody but what you gonna do
The pizza is great, get some garlic balls too
My girlfriend who does not walk too much will walk with me for this pizza, gladdly
The pizza here is quite good, and while there may be better in the city, the pizza is better here than in most nearby pizza places
The major grievance I had with this place was the service, which can at best be described as unfriendly
In fact, unfriendly is an understatement
Of all the places I have tried in New York City, I have not found service this bad
It's rather unfortunate that a place like this that has good food is marred with terrible service, but if you're getting a pizza to go and eat at home, the service shouldn't be as much of a problem
Hey, you know, the pizza's fine, not good, not bad
What is bad is the terrible service you get from behind the counter
Hey, if you don't like the job work somewhere else
Sadly, I live and work close and wish they were open later for more terrible service
Real Sicilian pizzeria
The secret's in the sauce
Try the tomato and onion pizza
Not crowded with simple, laid-back, and very casual ambiance
Service is fast even with a bunch of people in line
A place to check out
I'm from Chicago originally so it was hard to part with Chicago style pizza, but Pomodoro's made my transition SO easy
From the first bite of their famous Vodka Sauce pizza, I was hooked
I turned all my friends on to this little place, and now they are hooked too
I have tried their other pizza varieties, and they good too, but nothing special
The Vodka Sauce slice is their homerun! The crust is my favorite combo of chewy and crispy
The vodka sauce is bursting with chunky tomato flavor-plus-it is actually a little spicy! A nice little unexpected suprise
Try it, you'll love it
For ambience, it's not that great inside, but if you snag a plastic table and chair outside, you will have great people-watching all evening
Just don't crowd the joint, you have to save room for the locals!
No doubt, THE pizza place to go when visiting NYC!
I was recently packing for a trip when the business card I had picked up at Pomodoro fell out of the bag
I was instantly carried back to memories of the best soup I have ever eaten outside of my own kitchen
Forget the Soup Nazi, because the best soup in NYC is at Pomodoro
this place has the best vokka dishes anywhere so many pies to chhose there all great
Love Pomodoro! As a native New Yorker touristy areas are not my thing but Pomodoro is so worth going to!
It sounds odd, but once you try the Vodka pie you will become a believer
I skip all the other tourist traps along Mulberry, and head straight to Pomodoros for my favorite speciality pie in the city
The servers are always very pleasant and the portions beside the pizza are always a good size
THe only complaint is the bathroom is pretty tiny (airplane tiny)
I'm a student and my mom was visiting me up here from Texas for spring break
We were doing the SOHO, Little Italy thing and I started feeling really ill, so we decided to go back to the hotel
On the way to the subway, we passed Pomodoro and decided to get some soup, to go
I ate my Pasta Fagioli back at the hotel and I started feeling better
I don't know if it was the taste, the comfort of fresh soup or what, but it was wonderful
You should take orders to ship your soup or open a branch in Austin, because Texas could use food like this
My girlfriend and I were visiting NY this summer from San Diego, and we stumbled across this place while bouncing around SOHO and Little Italy
We were ready for lunch and decided to try it out
Was I glad we did! This place had it all, quaint atmosphere, friendly and charismatic staff, and amazing pizza! Try the mussels al la vodka, and by all means get some slices (my favorite was the fresh mozarella!)
We liked it so much we made a special trip back on our last day of the trip! Cheers to Pomodorro!
Great value on the dinner specials (salad, pasta, and small soda for around $10)
Will have to go back and try the pizza
Beware: the vodka sauce is SPICY!
My friend and I were on our way over to Lombardi's one saturday night, but the line was much too long
We walked over to Pomodoro, and decided to eat there instead
It turned out to be an awesome tme
The Pizza was great, and the service was even better
Our waitress, Chen (pronounced Hen) was funny, witty and charming
She is almost always there, so ask to sit at one of her tables if you you go
After visiting some of the more well-known pizzerias, I stumbled upon Pomodoro's when I was walking through Little Italy
I was thrilled that my boyfriend and I could enjoy a pizza, salad and soda for $13
It was an amazing deal after I had been shocked by the $2 Cokes elsewhere
The service was great, out waiter was so friendly
I highly recommend the garlic bread with cheese
You'll love it
This place is great
For my money, their pizza is the best around, and especially when you take into consideration the price
Highly recommended!
AWESOME
Why would anyone wait to eat at burned-crust Lombardi's when Pomodoro's is 50 feet away with tastier pizza? Vodka Sauce, Brick Oven and Fresh Mozzerella slices are the way to go
Service for a slice is a little sluggish, waitresses are good
