I had pasta with shrimp
It was my birthday, the live band played, Greek, turkish and the singer was Israeli
she sang some songs in Hebrew
It was just owsome watching the dancer and the senven piece band
I danced all night
This was the singular worst dining experience of my life and I've worked at restaurants and traveled extensively and am generally understanding
Even with reservations, we had to wait 20 minutes until our server came to take our order, then waited an HOUR 10 minutes for our food! The belly dancers were OK, but theres an 18% gratuity incl
(since they know the service is awful) our server calculated our tax and tip wrong! (Soda is $5 btw)! 2 entrees, an app, a soda and a glass of wine came out to $93! My salmon was old not cooked correctly not seasoned at allnot even salted! It took another 25 minutes to pay, because there was only one server working
We left literally with a bad taste in our mouths! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! If you want to watch the dancers, sit at the bar!
We were 25 guys last night and the food service was excellent at this friendly old time Greek Eatery
I have tried the best and for the price this was a good value! Go with a big group like we did and you won't be dissappointed
Tekanis!
After experiencing such an awful evening, I would not suggest you spend any time or effort going down here
There was poor service, an awful and sleezy crowd, the show was very bad and they just want what's in your wallet
Avoid at all costs!!
My first visit to Lafayette Grill was full of fun and great food! For starters, The Mediterranian antipasto was full of flavor
Shrimp was very fresh and the baked spinach pie was great! Overall the main entrees were awsome! Seafood was fresh and flavorful and the Lambchops were juicy and tender! I was there the night of one weekend for the belly dancing extravaganza
I think it happens weekly and its great and features live music with really cool instruments
Overall a very good night and the parking was easy becuase they have their own lot!
I FIRST DISCOVER THE LAFAYETTE GRILL AND BAR TWO YEARS AGO
I BECAME ADDICTED TO FRIDAY NIGHT MEDITERRANEAN MUSIC AND THE GREAT BELLYDANCERS
I AM NOT EVEN GREEK OR MEDITERRANEAN
BUT I LOVE THE PLACE FOR ITS AUTHENTIC MUSIC
GREAT AMBIANCE AND FOOD
I ALSO GO THERE ON SATURDAYS FOR TANGO
THEY HAVE LIVE MUSIC AND TANGO LESSONS
tHE ATHMOSPHERE IS FRIENDLY
tHERE ARE SO MANY REGULAR CUSTOMERS
IT'S A GREAT PLACE TO DANCE AND CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY
I went to the Lafayette Grill Bar for the birthday party of my friend who is a painter-artist
WOW!! Fantastic ambience - BELLY DANCERS!!! and REAL People dancing on the dance floor and Enjoying life in NYC!! I could not believe -- the food was pretty good! Standard Greek fair and I did not see any female waitresses
all were older Greek men, very charming and sweet
We even met the owner and he gave us a round of wine on the house - very charming, traditional Greek hospitality - family Run establishment
FREE PARKING right next to it, could not believe this - we stayed till 3 am dancing and drinking - havent had Natural - AUTHENTIC good time in NYC for a long time
nice to see a pizza place with actual italians in it
the chix parm rocks (I always ask for xtra sauce)and 1 slice of the lasagna pizza is a whole meal
I have been to many places to try the mini juicy buns and this place has by far the best! It's much less greasy than Joe Shanghai and has a lot more soup inside
All three varieties are very good
Their dishes are also very authentic and delicious!
one of the best shanghainese restaurants in new york city
unlike other places in the city, food is prepared by real shanghainese (people in the kitchen do speak in the shanghai dialect)
the price is very reasonable
Went to Mray Ann's not expecting too much, so I was pleasntly surprised when my party received great service, phenomenal drinks and very good food
Went on a Friday during the summer so there was definitely less of a crowd and it paid off with an attentive staff and quality food and the Patron margarita's were perfect
Each one of us had 2 each so it made the bill a little higher but it was so worth it
The food was well prepared and hit the spot, although if you have high blood pressure make sure to take a pill because salt is a big ingredient, which suited us fine
Unbelievable place!   I was there on Saturday night, it was extremely busy, staff was so friendly and really made us feel welcome
It was very crowded, and loud, (because of the film festival) but it was a great atmosphere
Food is decent, drinks were amazing, the Mojito is the best I have ever had
They are a perfect place to visit when at the Tribeca Film festival
Although the service is pretty good - prompt seating, etc
the food is lacking in variety and taste
It's not terrible but it's just not interesting or memorable
What bothered me more was the music - blaring, distracting, and innappropriate
Great music for a club, but not for a restaurant
I think there is some bad blood in the reviews
This place ROCKS! Service was friendly and prompt, food was great, and well priced
The new management has really made a difference!  Best Mexican Restaurant downtown, by far! Try the Margaritas, they should be voted Best In New York
I was down at the Film Festival recently and hoped to stop in to MaryAnn's for a quick bite before one of the films
I haven't been here is some time because the great staff/bartenders that used to work here have since left
I thought I would try again and boy was I disappointed! Waited forever at the bar for drinks for me and my friends, then we found a table in the bar and waited for someone to take our order
I finally had to just go to the bar and order that way
Food took forever to come out and was below standard
I know they were busy, but the staff seemed lost and amatuerish! Now I know why the previous staff left this place! I will come back to Tribeca often but will make it a point to avoid MaryAnn's
We were at the Tribecca Film Festival and decided to have some appetizers
Mexican sounded good, so we headed to MaryAnn's
We were seated outside and waited over 15 minutes for a waiter to take our drink and food order
People were seated 20 minutes after us and got their drinks and food before we did
We complained and Management bought us a round of drinks, but the damage was already done
Even though the food was good, the service was so bad we couldn't enjoy anything we ate
The waiter apoligized but only when he brought the check because he wanted a tip
Management should have staffed better for what they should have known was going to be a very busy day and they need to teach their wait staff how to better handle problems when they arise
Overall, MaryAnn's is a great place to go for margaritas and food
The service is great and you get a lot for your money
these guys know what their are doing with all the movements that in the restaurants is having, they are improving the atmosphere and service, we felt good thanks guys P
S
try the guacamole !!!!!!!
In Short Kam Chueh is a popular destination for seafood-centric Cantonese cooking fans
With outlandish chandeliers, plastic tablecloths and tinny music, it's a fun, casual spot for group meals
Fish tanks feature a variety of cooked-to-order items, including fresh Australian snow crab and New Zealand lobster, and carnivorous options include black chicken with ginseng soup, roast duck with lychee and pineapple, Mongolian beef and roast pork with bean curd
Kam Chueh is a hidden gem of Chinatown
Off of Mott street, so a little tougher to find but well worth the extra block or two walk
Don't be fooled by the plastic table clothes, this is one of the best chinese restaurants in the city
The restaurant is great for groups as well
Known for their seafood they live up to their reputation with great food and portions
The prices are incredibly reasonable, the service is really good and every entree we had was delicous
I highly recommend the salt and pepper soft shell crabs, the mongolian beef, pan fried noodles, the calamari appetizer, the spare ribs and a lot more
Their duck is good but if you want great duck I would recommend Peking Duck House
Last reviewer is crazy, this place is hardly dime-a-dozen! Kam Chueh is one of, if not my very favorite restaurant in Chinatown
You don't go for the ambiance, you go for the exceptional Chinese food
(DUH!) MUST HAVE: Clam casserole, crispy duck
The dungeoness crab is delicious, but not so easy to eat--be prepared to make a mess
Salt+pepper squid is very good too, but it pales in comparison to that clam casserole
Oh, what a clam casserole! Just get that and the crispy duck and you gettin' ready to be a rrrrrich nnnnnig
Having dined here often, I must say they are no different than most Chinese seafood specialty restaurants around
Their salt and peppered squid and house special seafood pan friend noodles are exceptional
One thing negative about this place is that the food and service goes for a major dive after 11:30 PM (since they are open late) and the service becomes lazier than ever
Plus the prices don't justify the so-so quality in food
Highly recommended you try this place sometime in the afternoon and concentrate on the seafood dishes
Don't expect anything too fancy or unique, as its a dime a dozen Chinese seafood restaurant
