They also make their own wines
I recommend the red
Great antipasto too
And Jorge is a lot of fun!
I live in the area and have frequented them twice in the past ten years
After each time I said I would not go back
I recently went because they offered a $25 meal certificate from Restaurant
com
I purchased it because I thought it would be somewhere to go when I just wanted to have a nice cheap meal
Cheap meal it was
Not in terms of price though, which is average
I had the fusilli w/ pesto and my friend had the linguini white clams
Both were very bland and the house wine wasn't good as well
I will definitely not make the mistake again and would rather pay for a good meal than have a cheaper untasty one
Definitely a pass on this one
I just got through one of the worst meals I've ever eaten
The calamari was oily and rubbery, the stuffed mushrooms were mediocre and my $17
95 shrimp parmigiana was absolutely terrible-- it was barely identifiable as shrimp
Not only was the food bad but it was very taxing to listen to the contrived and repetitive authentic Italian music
The service was a joke as well (no refills on water during the entire 2 hour meal)
The entire experience was completely regrettable and even with a $25 gift certificate from restaurants
com it was a ripoff
I do not reccomend Puglia to anyone
We have been comming to Puliga's since we got caught in the rain in August 2004
We live in California and our daughter is going to college in the city
We met James, and after we made him smile (he was having a long day) we were hooked
We have been half a dozen times (and we live in California) and everytime we are in the city, we go down to Pulgia's
I love their Vodka Riggatoni Pizza
(If you need some meat, add some meatballs or maybe pepperoni
) We have always had a good time
Their house wine is the BEST!
Will be there again next week
Can't wait to take my Mom!
Warm and friendly with lots of wine and bread flowing
Sing a long and get cozy with strangers
who after a while Get stranger! Come in and sing, laugh, and eat family style in one long table with everyone
Owners are long time family pals and the tradition continues
Hugs to Puglia's Greg, Joey and Gina
I've been to Puglia's several times and always have a great time! The food is decent, but the real draw is Jorge who sings Italian classics as well as fun party songs
He gets everyone dancing, especially to the napkin song! I always bring out of town guests to this charming, fun, Little Italy destination, and everytime those guests come back to New York, they want to see Jorge again!
It's the BEST!!! I crave Puglia's
it's an addiction
Start drinking the house wine and you'll understand
This place is oozing with good cheesey fun, with an atmosphere that feels as if Tony Soprano could be sitting right next to you
Bring your friends-GO!
Enjoy big crowd fun with dubious, un-labeled wine at this Little Italy favorite, while the resident organ player - Jorge - leads diners in Italian favorites like Volare and That's Amore
not a place for your important first date, but right-on for a 30+ person birthday party - for sure!
Puglia has never ever failed me! I have been there near 10 times and each time have had a memorably hilarious time! The food is - - well - - Food
The service is - well - maybe not white glove - but friendly and festive
(Don't go if your starving - sometimes you will have to wait about 20 mins for your meal
but it will be warm and delish
plus more time for the bread!!!) Its not the BEST Italian you will get in the City - but far from the worst! The bargain house wine does the trick and tastes great! The sing along music demands everyone to let lose and have fun
If you are looking for romantic
exclusive
fancy
quaint, or if you aren't big on socializing and lotsa people - do not even bother - - you will just bring down those that are enjoying it!
This place has more genuine atmosphere than I've found at other Italian restaurants in the city
My first visit was almost 20 years ago, and I was delighted to find that Puglia was still operating--and still entertaining--when I moved to the area a few years ago
Since then I've been back several times with any number of people, all of whom have fallen in love with the place
At least one visitor keeps asking to be taken back for more
The menu might be a little limited, but the charm (and fast service--those with bad experiences must have come on the same single off night) more than compensates
If you go to Puglia looking for the best food in Little Italy you have gone to the wrong place
But if you want to have good table wine and an outrageous time
THIS IS THE PLACE!!! I have been to Puglia on five separate occasions
A few of the highlights have included, whole-restaurant conga lines venturing into the streets, complete strangers grabbing each other and dancing in the middle of the restaurant, whole tables buying each other drinks (just because), and human cartwheels rolling through the aisles
This place is great!!! I try to go every time I am in the city!
Terrible service
I would never go back nor recommend this restaurant to anyone
My boyfriend and I went to this restaurant last Sunday afternoon
There wasn't a large crowd during this time
We got our table and drinks quickly, and even ordered one of their special pizzas when we got our drinks
More than 30 minutes had past, we still had no pizza on our table
Their staff was walking back and forth - they can clearly see we didn't get our food yet
My boyfriend had to actually get up and ask our waitress what was going on
She actually left our pizza in the brick oven and had forgotten to serve it to us
No real apologies were made and nothing was done about it
We had already lost our appetite and didn't want the pizza anymore
We entered the place with a crazy, warm welcome by the dining crowd!!! Everybody was standing up, some of them on their chair, singing to Jorge's songs
It was a Saturday night and the place was packed with happy people
Might be because of the house wine ($14/bottle)
It took us half an hour to get a table but I must admit it was worth waiting for
The food was good, however nothing fancy
However, as an overall experience: DO IT!!!!
Very crowed restaurant with good food at reasonable prices
We were seated promptly, but service was slow and entrees came at different times
Go with the servers suggestions
Went for a bachelorette party
This was one of the only places who could accommodate our group of 20 on a Sat
night
Fun atmosphere
Friendly service
Good time
More for upbeat party atmosphere than for food, but food wasn't bad
Good value - unlimited beer, wine, soda, family style apps, and choice of entree for a reas
price
I can't say enough good things about this place
Whether you are going for a birthday party, a bachelorette or for some eats before you head out for a night on the town
this place will get you moving! Jorge (the one man band, singing everything from Elvis to Lauren Hill) gets the entire resturant up on their feet (or on the tables and chairs) swinging napkins to the conga line, you are guaranteed to leave here with a full belly and a smile on your face
The food hits the spot and the service is excellent
One final word-- GO (bet anything you will be back for more)!!
