You have at least thirty kinds of different toppings(variations)
I meet my neice at John's Pizza on 44th Street at least once a week
By the time that day rolls around, we can't wait to have that delicious pizza! Its so light I can have half a pizza without problem and the service and atmosphere are wonderful too!
everybody goes to John's, but it's certainly not as good a basic pie as Stromboli's on University
John's is best when loaded with toppings, but really can't stand alone against the competition for crust, cheese and sauce
Absolutely the best Pizza pound for pound in the tri-state area
I lived in NYC 11 1/2 years and I've had them all
John's is the most consisitant and high quality fixings are the reason I come back as often as I can when revisiting New York City
I Love their pizza
I can eat a whole pie by myself
I eat pizza very frequently and John's is the best by far
John's pizzeria is decent
It is the next best thing
We were visiting frrom the UK and were taken to John's by some friends from NY
We have never tasted pizza so good
We were particularly please with the way in which we could build your own
We will go again when we next visit and would recommend it to anyone who is in the village and is hungry
It has the best pizza in new york
The thin crust and the red sauce were the best i have ever eaten
It is a place evryine should try
my husband and i are getting ready to move to the w
village
we were in the area last night 10/31 to check out the new apartment
the parade was going so we watched some of that and then got hungry
walked by johns and decided to give it a go
yummy
as we were sitting there my hubby remembered a friend who grew up in new jersey said this place rocked
we agree
we also had a great view in a booth by a window
the jukebox is way cool as well
John's has had its ups and downs over the years
I've had the best pizza and at times, the worst
Over the past few years, though, every location has had consistently top-quality pizza
Just had some at the Bleecker St
location the other night, and really noticed the high quality of every ingredient, as compared to most other pizzerias
Definitely worth it
The best pizza around! Hands down
No ifs ands or buts
Fuhgetaboutit
John's Pizzeria is a great place to go with a big group and order up the menu
Everything is so wonderful and fresh
You must have the salad to start, its the best!
Yeah there is a wait out the door of this old school family owned pizzaria, but they get you in and out
and when you walk out you feel satisfied because the pizza and food is great and the prices are right
Don't expect much in ambience at all
It is VERY casual
A good to place to have lunch or a quick spontaneous pizza dinner! Don't be fooled either, the Johns in times square does not compare to this one
The pizza here is so much better
The 2 ambiences are completely different too
Best Brick Oven Pizza in New York
Real no frills place, just the best thin crusted freshest toppings in the City
All locations are on a par
This is the best pizza anywhere! Although there are no slices the pie is a great value
Go there!
I had to try this since I live in San Diego, Ca
and I don't think I ever really had a real and true pizza
I believe I have now
This is the best I've ever tasted in my life
I watched them make it and it appeared that the sauce went on last and just a little was put on, but damm it sure tasted good
It is definitly the cheese which tasted really fresh and the sauce has a distinct flavor to it
Whatever it is it's great and I highly recommend it to everyone who loves pizza
This pizza is overrated
Here I thought this would be my last stop in looking for the best pizza in NYC and yet the search goes on after a stop here
Go for a slice of cheese, no need for any fussy ingredients, just keep it simmple
It always hits the spot
Best non-greasy pizza in town! Good place for groups, since they don't sell it by the slice
Sandwiches are great too!
John's pizza uses only the freshest ingredience and is prepared and baked with great attention and pride in the tradition it's won its reputation by
If you're a 'thin' crust person this is the place to come
Friendly and attitive service along with resonable prices makes this a wonder dining experience! Don't expect much in the way of decor
I spent one year in NYC and this was definitely my favorite pizza place!!!
I have been to John`s Pizzeria several times, and it is the best pizza I have ever tasted
Everything is so fresh; we can watch them make the pizza which is a visual treat; the decor is beautiful; the service is grand! John`s Pizzeria is the BEST!!!!
Being a New Yorker trapped in the Boston area, I am constantly craving really great pizza
Whenever I get to Manhattan for a reality check, I always make it a point to go to John's Pizza on Bleeker Street
I am never disappointed, and it helps me get through until I can visit again
Go Yankees
Red Sox Suck!!
Thin-crust, zesty and always perfect
John's Pizzeria should be a NYC landmark
And it should be a blueprint on how to make quality pizza and have a successful business for years
A true landmark
No doubts, John's the best!!!!!  Always fast, great pizza and great service
Being Italian and coming from the Land of Pizza I think I have enough experience to say it
Just one thing
take that spaghetti with meatballs out of the menu
no real italian would ever dare to have spaghetti with meatballs!!!!!
I absolutely adore this place
It has so much character, a place that has been around for ages
Better than any other pizza place i have ever been to
John's is simply the best
It is a West Village shrine to which pizza pilgrims flock in their successful quest to consume the very best from the blazing brick ovens
A Village gem, after you eat take a walk to Washington Square Park
great pizza! Long lines and nice people! Great time for a group of people!! Would take a birthday party of kids if I had one!!!
I moved to NYC about a year and a half ago and based on the 'hype' I took some out of town friends there
Talk about a disappointment! The pizza could not have been more average; on par with your corner pizza place
If you're going to go out of your way for especially good Za, go to 2 boots
There are few pizzeria's these days that offer consistent quality of their food-especially for pizza
To my knowledge, I have never spoken to anyone who has ever eaten at John's on an off-day
With numerous options and continuously good service, John's Pizzeria rises above the competition in every way
