Best Pizza in the City by far! Plenty of toppings, scrumptious crust and delicious sauce! Casual atmosphere and good beer! Inexpensive, but cash only!
Never had a bad pizza at John's
From the brick oven flavor to the great crust, plentiful, fresh toppings and delicious sauce make John's the best pizza and a local and visitor favorite
The first time I was there I saw an open table barged through a line of people standing for a table and sat down, it looked as though no one had been there
This rude NY waiter told me to leave the table for it had been reserved for Frank Sinatra, as it had been for the several years
I left the table and stood in line with evertone else for almost an hour, it was worth it
That happened 15 years ago and each time I return to NY I make a point to dine at this Pizza parlor, for it's the best
Za's good, and the atmosphere is fun and lively with the large open space
Having lived in NYC for 12 years and visited many cities, I always go back to John's Pizzeria in the Village
The best in pizza - ample, fresh toppings, great sauce and crust devine! Oven bricked pizza at its best! Cash only!
Still a great pizza
Larger room, not much service, but still one h@#! of a great pizza!
John's Pizza is simply the best! The brick wooden ovens bake the pizza to perfection and the sauce is perfect! Plenty of fresh toppings too!
It's a 1 of a kind place
You've got to experience it to know what I mean
Best pizza anywhere
No pretentions here
They've make great, authentic, brick-oven pizza and it's always consistent and always delicious
Always a lively crowd
I have the great pleasure of working near John's making it a regular stop
Every time has been excellent
The pizza is by far- the best in the city
Been to all John's Pizzas and they are all great! Always good service and a good time!
The best crust and hearty, good quality toppings
The jukebox is what makes the place, though
A real hangout on a snowy afternoon
Worth the wait in line
One of the best if not the best Pizza in NYC
when I asked people the way to John's Pizzeria, everybody said it's best and yes, it is!
I am originally from California and while most NYC pizza takes some getting used to, I must admit that John's Pizzeria just clicked with my tastebuds
It's very different from Cali Pizza and makes me never want to leave NY
All NY Pizza should taste as good as this
I take all my visitors there!!!
Being Italian (pizza's native country) I can tell that John's offers an american style pizza but with italian tomato sauce and little oil
Evene if differnet from real italian pizza I might say it is pretty good
And the ambience of the locations are friendly
Was in NY for past 1o- months
NY pizza was overrated compared to Chicago Deep Dish, but John's was without a doubt the best!
Itttza nica pizza
Once you get seated, your order comes even before you have ordered (or so it seems)
A large pizza, one house salad, and two sodas or beers are enough for two people to be sated all evening
John's is still the best we've found in New York
But if you want the best pizza, come to New Haven's Wooster street
The pizza at John's is great--the crust is nice and thin, the sauce had a good tang, and the amount of cheese was just right, and not too greasy
On my first visit to NYC, I wanted to experience true New York Style pizza
Upon a recommendation, I visited John's on the first day
By far the most delicious pizza I have ever eaten
Brick ovens, crispy crust, fresh toppings
I can't wait to go back to NYC just to have another slice
John's Pizzeria continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in Manhattan
I've lived in and around NYC for over 20 years and there is no better pizza
Thin crust pizza, never soggy, always fabulous
Atmosphere isn't much, but you don't come here to be seen
Eat up and enjoy!
This pizza is close to, if not the best in new york
best pizza i've had (takes a while to get a table on busy nights but its worth it)
This place has too much hype
I went here after reading all the good reviews
I ordered a large pizza w/ pepperoni and onions
When i took a bite out of it, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary
It was just like any other pizza parlors i've been to before
I'm not saying that the food was bad but it wasn't anything spectacular
Decent pizza
but try adding some tomatoe sauce next time
Lack of tomatoe sauce seems to be the theme among NYC pizza joints
Since I was a little Chelsea toddler, I've loved John's
With a perfect thin, crisp crust and plentiful helpings of fresh, delicious toppings, it's not just New York's, but possibly the world's best
To say nothing of the trademark sheet-o-cheese, which far surpasses the dot-o-mozz approach embraced elsewhere
One question: why is the jukebox always playing That's Amore?
If you love to be in a Village, this is the place to be
The food is incredible
We had falafels with salads and burgers with bear
The service is extremely friendly
The atmosphere is also very cool-perfect
Real food, real people
Place has this unreadable old Village atmosphere
Love it
Village Delight is a great place! Home cooked food, great variety, and delicious! The staff is super and it is a great value
Sometimes it is a little crowded, but it is worth the wait
I loved it! I had the most wonderfull experience at Village Delight Cafe
The staff was amazingly polite, the food was just like Momma used to make and the desserts devine!!! I had a beer, a combination plate ( I chose a Pasta with Roasted Vegetables, Filet of Beef with Mushrooms and Sauteed Spinach with Onions) and dessert (Chocolate Cappuccino Cake) and a coffee for less than $20
00 - tip included -AWESOME!!!
out of the area for a decent bagel that is
There are no good bagel places in the neighborhood and Bagel's on the Square just makes it worth walking somewhere less convenient to buy bagels
These bagels wouldn't even be considered good in Kansas! Their appetizining is shoddy and usually stale not to mention well overpriced(you can go to Balducci's and get a veritable bargain in comparison if you can believe it)
The only thing worth getting here are some of their unique cream cheese blends
Worst bagel in a neighborhood without a good bagel place
best tofu cream cheese in the world!!!! i eat there as often as possible
Rocco's has a classic and delicious selection of italian pastries
For $3
50 you can have a large cannoli with chocolate chips and a cafe latte -- by far one of the best deals around
I can't believe people can still go to S'Bucks with a place like this around
Despite Marjorie's comments, the table service is a great deal, too
It's just that pricing for table service is different than pricing for take-out
Thus, if you order take out, you can't just plop yourselves down in the seating area
The policy might not make sense to everybody, but it is certainly clearly posted in several locations
A group of my friends wanted to get dessert early in the evening
Rocco didn't look busy and had pleanty of seating
Overall the pasteries looked delicious and the coffee smelled fresh
Most of them bought a cone of gelato and as we sat in the almost empty restraunt we were rudly told that we could only sit if we had bought a pastery and were asked to leave that moment
