Easy to make, much cheaper, and delicious!
Joke! This place is a damn joke
I stood out in the cold because I was under the impression that Magnolia cupcakes were the best in town but they are not in the slightest
The cupcakes are like something from a Duncan Hines box and the icing is just crisco mixed with powered sugar and a hint of vanilla extract
I did buy a slice of the red velvet cake and found that to be nice
It was very flavorful with the right amount of cocoa but the buttercream icing doesn't do it any justice
It is too sweet and needs some cream cheese
The cake was almost worth $4
25 per slice but the cupcakes at $1
75, hmmm
can I get a refund?
Two, no six, no twelve, baker's dozen! I told you that I love these cupcakes, cousin! You're gonna love them right down to the frosting! I love these cupcakes like McAdams loves GOSLING!
Totally overrated, overpriced, overiced, mediocre, dry cupcakes - consistently! I don't know why this place is so popular - the other desserts, e
g
, banana pudding are ok, plus the whole shop is very nostalgic/comforting but on a busy night who wants to stand in that long line to get a proscribed limit of mediocre cupcakes?!!!
That there bakery's got all the bomb frostings! I love those cupcakes like McAdams loves Gosling
2, no 6, no 12, BAKER'S DOZEN! I told you that I'm crazy for those cupcakes, cousin!
I'VE HAD BETTER CUPCAKES OUT OF MY EASY BAKE OVEN WHEN I WAS SIX! All jokes aside, I was seriously disappointed
I am a lover of all baked goods and had heard rave reviews about Magnolia's cupcakes
My hopes were dashed when I bit into a cupcake
YUCK! DRY, CRUMBLY, TASTELESS, SUGARY ICED, MUFFIN-LIKE CAKES
Haven't they heard of buttercream frosting? Their decorating leaves a lot to be desired too
Definitely nothing special
I guarantee your local supermarket bakes a better cupcake and costs much less than $21
00 per dozen
I really, really love the vanilla cupcakes with the pastel icing
The ones that have the mint green, yellow and pink icing are so delicious they send you right to heaven
It's the icing that makes these cupcakes taste more like little cakes that send orgasmic waves to your taste buds
I've purchased the vanilla cupcakes with chocolate icing and have not been impressed
The chocolate icing falls short when compared to the pastel icings and I've been repeatedly disappointed
Similarly, the chocolate cupcakes aren't anything to write home about either
The red velvet cupcakes are OK
The cake was a little too peppery for me, but that may be how theyre supposed to taste
The icing on those ranks better than their chocolate icing
The banana pudding on the other hand is fantastic!!! This place is totally worth the wait and has something to suit everyone's tastes
BAKER's DOZEN  To anyone thinking about going to Magnolia, just remember that Mr
Pibb + Red Vines = Crazy Delicious
I have seen rave reviews everywhere about this place, the reality though the times I have visited it in the last 2 or 3 years have been pretty underwhelming
The products can be a given a miss, and I have not had a piece I would stand in line again for there
This place is a waste of time and effort
I have gone to the Magnolia bakery about 4 times
I have even driven a hour (from westchester), just for the cupcakes
I honestly believe they used to be better (a couple of years ago, perhaps)
The last time I was there, the cupcakes were so dry they actually tasted stale
I do like the frosting, but even that is not exceptional
I bought cupcakes for a kids party and the kids did not eat them because they were so bad
I was actually kind of embarrassed after I had raved about them (and travelled an hour to get them)
I think some people just wrote positive reviews because of the reputation
In short, they are REALLY PRETTY BAD!
two, no six, no twelve, BAKER'S DOZEN! True dat
Double True!
Two
no Four
maybe six
BAKER'S Dozen,  Man you know I'm crazy for those cupcakes cousin!
The reputation for this place never ceases to amaze me
The long lines, the crowded place, and the high prices ($1
50 for one cupcake!) are the only painful aspects of the whole Magnolia experience
Once you have a cupcake in hand though, make sure you are not susceptible to any heart attacks because they're quite good and quite fattening
The cupcake is a large cupcake (almost like a muffin!) with a thick layer of frosting on top
It is a fun place to eat at once in a while, full of naturally baked goods, with high demand and plenty of satisfaction for those with sweet tooths
Chris Parnell and Andy Samberg stop for cupcakes enroute to hip-hop fame and Narnia
No doubt, that bakery's got all the bomb frosting
I love those cupcakes like McAdams loves Gosling
Magnolia's is famous for its cupcakes that are uber sweet; you get cavities by just looking at them
After you eat here once, you will swear their slipping something addictive into their pastries
Anyone I know whose tried it, always goes back
And often
Its tiny but it has a friendly atmosphere
And even though there's basically no seating, there is a park across the street, so if the weather is good you don't have to worry about where your going to eat
I went to Magnolia bakery last October
I was there with a friend who lives there in NYC
They are also known for the banana pudding
loved it!! I would say go for the pudding over the icing overdosed cupcakes
I did get those too
Very, very small bakery
I too did not like the self serve cupcakes where it was a frenzy when they put a new batch down
It was an interesting experience
but don't go in there if you have a stroller
no gettin' out of there!!
I live in PA and i love coming to NYC so i decided to try an everfamous cupcake at the Magnolia Bakery
Well, im plain words-it SUCKED
Like almost every person before me had stated, it is dry, and the icing tastes like pure, griddy butter
I wouldn't recommend this slop to my worst enemy!
for the yuppies and wannabes  PROS: quaint; trendy with a martha stewart feel; cupcake prices are ok, but i should have been fair and looked at the other desserts and prices; sexthe city tourist spot is great for business
CONS: RUDE EMPLOYEES; the line is long not because of popularity but because the store only holds like 5 customers at a time (even less when you have the more robust patrons visit); i don't like the self serve cupcakes ESPECIALLY in such tight quarters
i'm waiting for the one person to sneeze all over them
CUPCAKE: dry/stale/bland/icing is good, but BORING
i am a believer that less is more at times
well you can't get any more less than this
BOTTOMLINE: just give your dollar to a homeless person on the street
you will do them far greater justice than this cupcake will your sweet tooth
The last five times my husband and I have gone to Magnolia for a cupcake, we have walked away upon seeing the scene
And now a bouncer @ the door! We waited patiently for our turn to enter, some young girls turned the corner and were immediately ushered in! We're done; the cupcakes are not that great and the staff continuously snotty with bad attitudes
I had the misfortune to go to Magnolia Bakery for the first time on a sunny, balmy fall afternoon
The line moved very fast but once inside I was sorely disappointed
For their reputation, Magnolia has failed to measure up
The cupcakes I purchased were fresh out-of-the-oven but very dry and bland
I think what has happened is that the reputation is built on the opinions of people who just don't know any better
Or could it be these patrons don't really know good food when they encounter it
