Hostess makes better cupcakes for a fraction of the price
So hyped up this place! There's even 2 edition of a cookbook put out by them! What a utter disappointment
The prices were a little steep for they crap they put out-I'm sorry but the cakes were too damn dry and the icing was completely bland
I could've bought these cupcakes at some kid's fair for much less money
c'mon!
I believe that Magnolia is truly one of the best bakeries I have tried
That said, I know better than to suggest it to my friends who are only used to eating cakes (and cupcakes) that were made from a box
Magnolia's cupcakes taste nothing like what most are accustomed to, and I believe that is why they find them to be tasteless (the icing is so rich, I think, to make up for the simple cake)
For the price of a cupcake, it couldn't hurt to try (not to mention their other sweets are incredible)
I LOVE this place
I have heard so much about these cupcakes I came all the way from Los Angeles to taste them and they were terrible! It was probably the dryest cupcake I've ever eaten
I bake all the time and this was so disappointing
Every review I read said pretty much the same thing: dry, dry, dry! How did this place get such a reputation?
i heard all the stories of how great the cupcakes were
Then one day me and my friend decided to search for this bakery
So disappointed at the cupcake, very tasteles
I could have made better cupcakes
Not worth the search, wait, and trouble for it
The place is cramp and hot
Won't go back again
I've been going there for 9yrs
Overall the cupcakes are GOOD
The staff are friendly and polite
So I really don't understand all of these offensive digs at the staff
There is no bouncer at the door
just one of the staff doing a little crowd control
I work across the street and I see all the obnoxious people berating the staff
Some of the nicest people work there
They're just different
you guys need to leave the ATTITUDES at the front door
From a satisfied customer
I remember a time when the cupcakes at Magnolia were to die for
I haven't been there in quite awhile, so last night 3 friends and myself stood on line in anticipation
The line was about 20 minutes long, which was no big deal at all
A man walked by and shouted They're not that good and I yelled back Shut Up
Well, honestly he was right
The once coveted cupcakes pretty much sucked
They were dry, somewhat bland and extremely disappointing
Definitely not worth the wait
On a positive note, my slice of Key Lime Pie was heavenly, but most people go to Magnolia for the cupcakes
I hope that Magnolia takes the time to read the many negative reviews and perhaps get back to creating quality instead of less then great quantity
Perhaps that's the problem, they are sacrificing their quality in order to rake in the bucks
I have seen this cookbook and have heard many good things about this Bakery but I am sad to say I was dissapointed with the cupcakes
I purchased the Key Lime Pie and that was Fantastic! so was the Butterscotch Cheesecake so the desserts were good on their own but the cupcakes WERE dry and the frosting is very heavy
You can not sit inside you must pick out your on cupcake from the self-serve cupcake counter area (and trust that someone has not picked yours up previously and put back LOL) and bring to counter for purchase
Feels like a tourist trap to me
I read all the great reviews for this place-its in books, magazines, TV, and newspapers! The line wasnt too long-they actually had a bouncer letting people in
Inside it was cramped and loud
The cupcakes themselves are pretty good
The cake part isnt too sweet, and it has some flavor, I personally liked it
The frosting was great
Pastel colored bliss
Put them together and you have a good cupcake!
I think that at one time this bakery (and the cupcakes) were worth your time
obviously they had to be good at some point or people wouldn't have gone there in the first place
but the long lines on the outside of this bakery are DEFINATELY NOT WORTH THE WAIT now
the cupcakes
both the vanilla and chocolate ones were so dry they crumbled, not melted, in your mouth and there was no taste at all to them
and there was so much icing on it that I literally had to scrape some off
what a waste! I could have made better cupcakes in my sleep!!! Magnolia if you read this
maybe you should go back to the drawing board and remember why you became so popular in the first place
eventually people will realize how crappy you've become and stop waiting in the long line
This is a very cute place in a very cute area
It was great to go here for the scene - so many people lining up for cupcakes at 10pm
I had been looking forward to them for so long as I heard this place was great
How misinformed I was! The cupcakes were revolting
I can eat sugarly, junk food with the best of them but this place was disgusting
The icing was too sugary and the cupcakes was dry and tasteless
I just had a bit or two and then three them out
Go if you want to check out what all the fuss is about but don't buy any cupcakes
I heard so much about this little bakery and I saw the lines outside waiting to go in, boy were we disappointed
We only had the cupcakes
The icing was good, but the cake, dry and tasteless!!! Not worth the trip
I thought that they must have been selling the most wonderful cupcakes due to the long lines
I was excited when i passed and saw just a small line
They were so dry that even the excessive amount of frosting that was on them couldn't help the flavor
I guess the frosting was there only to camouflage the fact that there was barely any cupcake at all
It basically tasted like chocolate cornbread, and I wouldn't recommend them to anyone
You could spend those ten minutes,which you would have been wasting waiting on the line, and could have started your own batch of cupcakes
They would definitely taste better than these, even if you dropped them on the floor a couple of times
You would think for what they charge you could at least get something edible
Even the Chocolate Buttermilk cake was dry and stale tasting
I've been coming to Magnolia since it opened
The cupcakes and cakes are wonderful [and MUCH better than Billy's further uptown] but do be aware that there can be incredibly long lines, rude service, unbelievably cramped space and 'self serve' cupcakes means that everybody's touching them
Over the years I've seen some questionable things happen behind the counter with the ever changing lineup, but when the chocolate cake is on, IT'S ON, LOL ;)
!!!
I finally went here after years of hearing how wonderful it was
It is! Fabulously delicious cupcakes! You have to stand outside and wait for a few minutes due to the cramped quarters inside, but I expected that to happen and the staff does things in a very orderly fashion
It's become a bit of a tourist trap which is a little annoying, but definitly the best cupcakes I've had so far!
I can't go to the village witout bringing home a box of cupcakes for my family
But you have to eat them right away while they're warm!
The best cupcakes in New York?!? Being a displaced southerner, I was looking forward to a little taste of home in the city
All that hope disappeared once I took that first bite of cupcake
Buttercream frosting? The icing on my cupcake didn't have a single drop of butter in it! Or butter flavored Crisco! This frosting was just lard, sugar and food coloring
Obviously, someone does not understand the difference between whipped frosting and buttercream! Maybe it is time to take a cooking class!!? To make things worse, the cake itself was as dry as the Sahara
It was crumbly and tasteless and stale
I was told while in line that to buy more than 12 cupcakes one must place an order two weeks in advance
I think I ate the cupcakes someone forgot to pick up! Clearly there are marketing geniuses creating the demand for these disppointing cupcakes!
Beware -- you're limited to one dozen
Stopped into Magnolia to pick up 18 cupcakes for a birthday party, but alas, 12 is all I could order
