Not only is the food amazing, but the staff and the owner are such classic fun italians, not to mention the reasonable prices compared to the ammount of food that comes with each meal
I would highly recomend this place to anyone going to visit the city
We went here on our first night in NYC
We had made reservations and 3 other restaurants and a local new yorker said that those were no good and to eat here! We like eating rustic, Italian food in a hole-in-the-wall, 12 table, family owned and operated, comfortable, warm, and welcoming place! I had the spaghetti pomodoro! It was amazing! Best italian in NYC!
quite possibly the best italian restaurant i've ever been to
the food is divine and the atmosphere is one where you feel as if you could taste a dish from a table next to you and they wouldn't mind
the lobster cannelloni just melts in your mouth
the garlic bread there is great but strong so make sure you are comfortable with the person you bring there because garlic breath is an understatement
TRY THE MINESTRONE!
you won't be dissapointed!
This place is authentic italian cuisine with great atmosphere and service
Can't wait to go back!!! I would recommend to anyone even my father didn't complain and he complains about everything
We all loved it
If you love seafood, try the lobster cannelloni w/vodka sauce and homeade white or red wine
Yes, the restaurant is small and noisy and you might have to wait, but it's well worth it!
I am in town from Boston and was told to go to Piccolo Angolo
The experience I had there far rivals any Italian restaurant in the North End of Boston
The atmosphere was very charming, the food portions were more than adequate and the service was impeccable
Anyone who does not give this restaurant a try, is definetely missing out
This restaurant being a small store front in the west village you need reservations! If you are not a patient person don't go! You may have to wait but do not fret the wait is worth it! I bring all of my out of town friends here for an excellent Italian dinner
Renato the owner and his family and staff will treat you like family
I have so many favorites that I can not list them all here
Just make sure you are hungary because the portions are hearthy and filling
Went here on a Saturday night with reservations
Seated right away
One of the best Italian meals that I have had in 13 years in NYC
Tremendous variety on menu from exotic meats to pasta to seafood
All the entrees we got were excellent
We got the chicken parm, meat lasagna and the spicy shrimp with penne (Gamberoni Fra' Diavolo)
House wine for $20 bottle was very good
Dessert was excellent - lemon sorbert
Excellent bread
Excellent services
Very cozy
I absolutely love this place
It is quaint, the owner is there every night and it is so homey right down to the lawn chairs in front
The portions are huge and I have never had a bad meal here
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint
Had a great meal at Piccolo Angolo last night
Food was excellent, atmosphere lively and fun
Staff was very accomodating when we wanted to switch tables to be farther away from the door, and on their own initiative brought out a birthday treat for the person whose birthday it was
House red wine is very nice
Absolutely MUST make reservations!
Piccolo Angolo is REAL italian food! They serve a pesto lasagna that is fantastic
The service is great and the portions are enormous
Loved it! Went with a group of 6 and ate family style
They kept bringing it and we kept eating it
Seafood salad is a must, veal picata was succulent
Don't go for the decor, not much there but it makes up in fun food
Overall value was great, less than $60 a person, with wine!
Like others, I hate to post a review of this place because I don't want to word to get out
However, at this point it seems like the secret's out, since booking a week in advance is a must if you want to eat at a normal hour
It's noisy, jammed, and tiny, and you're sure to come out smelling like you were sitting in the kitchen, but the food is great and the atmosphere is friendly
Don't forget the house wine - its a great deal
I never do reviews, and hate do this one because more people will go
This restaurant was a hidden gem when I started eating here in 1995
The food is as great now as it was then
Every time I suggest this restaurant to a friend, I get an unbelievably positive response
Great food, great staff, and great fun
I wished that I lived closer so that I could go more
Piccolo Angelo, don't doubt why the lines are out the door
The wait is worth every taste!! Try dining during an early afternoon on a Saturday and you can't go wrong
This was the best Italian food my boyfriend and I have had this year
CIAO
Fantastic, classic Italian staples
Nothing fancy: it's all about the food
You'll wait a little even with a reservation, but it's worth it
Unmatched bang for the buck
If only they could expand and update the decor, it'd be perfect
Renato is fun, and the service was very good
Definitely visit Piccolo Angolo but make sure you have a reservation
The food is amazing!
all these naysayers should stick to the olive garden and leave the awesoome piccolo alone! The wait is long (boo hoo) because the food is great! If this place is authentic enough for Frank Sinatra and James Gandolfini (Tony Soprano--who I personally saw picking up food there late one night) than it's authentic enough for me
Oh, and that the meal I had at Piccolo rivals any of the ones I've had in Italy says a lot,too!
I went to this restaurant because of the obvious flashing of Zagat ratings of the last years
Having such a high food rating and being inexpensive lured me in there
Killer waits! Even the pseudo- charming attitude of the owner and waiters cannot help that
In addition, he kept telling us you are next and so on and so forth
Another 25 minutes were added
After eating there, I was about to throw out my Zagat
How could it be SO WRONG
Greasy, mediocre, old-fashioned, disappointing Italian food
Old-fashioned is not necessarily bad, but if you want that, go to Johns on 12th
I rarely felt so betrayed
I pity the people who rave about the food
They obviously never had good Italian food
I tried two more times again, just to make sure
My judgment did not change
Food was wonderful make reservations though
Poor wine list but the pasta was amazing
This place is great
teh food was excellent and the staff could not have been better, friendly and accommodating
Defintely try this place
There is obviously one person who is posting 99% of the negative stuff here
NYC has its share of sick people who need a life
This restaurant is GREAT
The lines of people out front speaks for itself
It is like being in Italy
We love the food--check Zagats rating--and we love the family who owns it
Very friendly, and is an example of why the Village is so great!
