It is more hype than substance
The Hog Pit is the real deal when it comes to BBQ
The ribs just melt in your mouth
And they go with everyone of the side dishes available
mmmm goood!
And while your waiting kick up the juke box if so desire!
If you want som BBQ ribs - nothing compares to the Hog Pit
Overall the service is much more friendly than not
Something for everyone with foosball and pool tables in addition to a juke box of classic/southern rock
I've even seen some dancing happening there depending on night
Folks, don't bring the kids here
After you've gone through your meat packing repertoire of Pastis, Park, MRKT, APT and are tired of the scenes- enjoy this crowd for its genuine nature
How canyou appreciate the friendly and outgoing crowd if you don't have the rough and tumble to compare it to? There is always a mix of both types here, but the former, welcoming crowd being the most predominant
This bar serves one of the best ribs and fried chicken in the city
Their sweet potato fries are honestly to die for and their portions are HUGE
definitely worth it
and definitely filling
This place is crowded and there is no divide between the bar crowd and what they call the dining room
but let's be honest
you are going there for the food
so dress dirty and prepare to eat a lot
i recommend it!  mistazang
With so many new rib joints opening
why bother with this dive
Ribs are mediocre
Staff has a bad attitude
Don't bring the kids unless they like foul mouth jerks at the bar
Ok, yes the portions are good
but what's the point in having good portions if the food isn't that good to begin with? The brisket
dry
flavorless
no! The ribs, not bad, but BBQ ribs are better
The cheese grits are great
but I didnt' come to Hog Pit just to eat cheese grits
As for the biscuit/cornbread thing
I'd pass on that
I will not be back
I love good ribs
And these are as meaty as you can get
The portions are great
The beer is cold
The jukebox is hot
And the service was top notch
I felt like I had been transported to a back country road in South Carolina
The Hog Pit is pretty darn authentic for a city joint right in the trendy Meatpacking District
Totally unpretentious and the best barbecue I've had in the city yet, plus cheap booze and great Elvis tunes
What more could you ask for when craving good ole home cookin'!
We went here after dinner and the drinks are cheap, the crowd is fun and they have foosball and pool, what more could you want in a bar? However, if you are looking for NY shee shee, then this is not the place for you
Good place to start the night, though
the food here is too good
solid fried chicken and bbq ribs
potions are unusually large
shrimp appetizer is good too
be careful, though, this place is addictive!
The food is absolutely fantastic, melts in your mouth! Even vegetarians are bound to find plenty to eat here, as most of the sides are meat-free and special requests for vegetarian meals can be placed
The best authentic soul food anywhere, and I am including the South in this
So much more fun than the totally overrated Hogs Heifers nearby! Love the $2 cans of PBR; met some nice guys to boot
Next time we'll go for the food
Glad we stumbled upon it!
Yum, Yum, Yum!!! And its got the best country jukebox in town!
I stumbled into Hog Pit last year, when I couldn't get a table at Pastis
Now my favorite place in town
Once a week for pork, foosball and Hank Williams
Fun little place for boozing and BBQ eating
we recently took a friend here for a birthday dinner (we're big fans of the city's semi-hidden dive bars) and although we were probably the biggest party they've had for some time (to eat that is), they were hospitable and accommodating
try as many sides as possible
the pulled pork and ribs are also very solid, but not mind-blowing
I love this place, but weirdly, it's even more for the sides than for the meat
The fried chicken looks good, but it's a little bland, and the BBQ's quite good, but the collard greens, mashed, and grits are sublime
Plus, the digs are way cool, even if it is in the Meatpacking District, and the waitstaff is supernice
The Scene In another example of food knowing no boundaries, Senegalese chef Alioune Ndiaye turns out superb French cuisine at this cozy, if a bit cramped, West Village bistro
With warm lighting, a welcoming bar and friendly service, this Cornelia Street shines among the very best restaurants on its block
The Food Rock-solid starters among the full-flavored bistro staples include onion soup and a chevre plate that includes a piquant caper and olive tapenade
Entree standouts include the location's namesake dish, a sublime leg of lamb served with exceptional garlic mashed potatoes, the steak frites, and the perfectly moist Cornish game hen
Took my friend for dinner to celebrate his birthday - we ordered crabcakes, steak frites, and lamb
Crabcakes were excellent, however steak and lamb were okay - certainly not worth the price they were charging
The chocolate cake was also okay
nothing spectacular
I have had better chocolate cakes for half the price
That said, the ambiance is cute and cozy and staff provided excellent service
The bill came to $110 for 3 courses , which I guess is reasonable for French cuisine
But I will not be going back
My husband and I went there for his b-day and i called the staff in advance to let them know
they were extremely nice, seated us promptly and at the end brought out a dessert plate with a candle for my husband
awesome!! the food was finger-licking good
only drawback is lack of privacy because it's a little cramped, yet very welcoming and cozy
wil go there again for sure!
This is one of the most nicest, warmest, coziest, romantic restaurants I have ever been to
The food was absolutely yummy, the service was amazing, the wine was tastful, the decor was enchanting
What a lovely little place in the heart of NYC
The place is a bit expensive but definitely worth every penny
I would definitely visit here again and again and again
Best French in NYC! The mixed green salad was the best! It was a bed of soft, fresh, baby mixed greens with an extremely light and refreshing, cool dressing
Not overwheling! The Crab cake appetizer also had a small mixed green salad on the side! It was over- flowing with crab! It could not stay put together! The main meal I had Steak and Paum Frittes! Perfectly cooked to order and a real rustic, misquite taste to the steak! Fantastic! The fries were thin and mostly crispy and lightly salted! Fantastic food! Perfect location in the heart of Greenwhich! Our waiter was the best part of our meal! 1 waiter for all 12 tables, and we still felt like we were his only customers! He recommened a fantastic french white wine, and struck a very pleasant and extremely friendly conversation with him! I felt like we were truly welcome there!
I have been visiting Le Gigot since the week it opened several years ago
Even after I left NYC, I visited whenever I came back to visit
It is about the best French food for the price in Lower Manhattan
The service is terrific, the chef turns out consistently wonderful food (I love the Duck Confit) and the wine is carefully selected
Always recommend to friends
At the risk of letting the word out, Le Gigot is a must
