for dinner i had the chicken stuffed with feta, spinach, and pine nuts which was DELICIOUS!!!! my husband had the filet grilled which was good, not great
for drinks, my husband had martinis which were exactly to his liking, i stuck to the red wine good selection and price
for dessert we had apple cobbler with gelato which was so amazing
its a little pricey but worth the good time and food
we will be back!
Was just at the Garage last weekend with my wife and another couple
Great service at the Bar and a friendly staff
Music that evening was outstanding and no cover! We ended up staying for a couple hours on a Friday, and the place was lively, not dead at all
Dinner was great
Everything is a-la-carte, so you end up paying a little more, but for New York, it is not out of line
I would go back in a second, and plan on doing so my next time in NYC
For many years I have visited Garage during my annual visit from London UK, I have always dined at least once at Garage during my stay and intend to continue the practice! My next visit will be in April 2005
Interestingly, I was recommended Garage by an English colleague and I noticed that a major UK Sunday Newspaper also recommended the establishment in Jan 2005!  The food quality, ambiance and service are excellent
I love going on Monday nights to listen to the big band
You can't beat value for money listening to 10 to 15 pro musicians for the price of a few beers - especially as there aren't so many 'big bands' around these days
The outdoor seating on 7th Ave offered a great area to watch the west village crowd stroll by
Good service, food and live jazz, too
went there on friday night with my boyfriend
they have live jazz music with no cover charge or minimum order
my bf's steak was cooked to perfection!  our waiter was very friendly and attentive
great for date
I recently went on a date and we dined at Garage
In my mind, this is the perfect date spot
It's cozy and very intimate without being too romantically suggestive
The live jazz band was great and offered a subtle distraction from the lulls in the conversation
Our waiter was very knowledgable of the menu and made food suggestions based on our tastes (and he was right on)
Garage is an incredible value for a fun night out
Went to this place for the first time about 3 years ago
went back recently and I must say the food has declined since then
The chicken is overcooked and dry, the coconut shrimp was way overcooked as well
I'd give this place another chance if the cook doesn't fall asleep while cooking my food
The bar is awesome though
The food here is great and the service is greater
Not to mention the ambience
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee)
AWESOME
Marianne is the best bartender I have ever met
She makes the best Margaritas this side of Tiajuana - you will not be disappointed! And the live jazz is excellent
I have lived in the west village for 14 years and only discovered this place a few months ago
What a find! Great service, food AND atmosphere
Highly recommended!
We sat outside and the ambience was perfect -- there was music playing inside that we could hear, but it didn't outdue our own conversation
The food was very good all around -- the asian spring rolls are a great appetizer
The filet was very good as was the seafood scampi
Steer away from the parmesan fries (they use powdered parmesan), their house wine selections, and mixed drinks (there's no alcohol in them!!!) -- stick with beer or a straight up martini and eat till your heart's content:)
I go to this place everytime I'm in NYC
The food is great
Try the Philly steak sandwich with filet mignon
Or the coconut shrimp
And the salad is great! Best place to sit is upstairs near the fireplace but with a view of the Jazz bands on weekends
Great place to sit outside and drink cocktails and people watch during the summer
This is one great place for brunch! The vanilla bean soaked french toast is the best
The weekends offer great live jazz! Also a fun place for people watching!
I've heard many good things about the brunch here so my friend and I decided to go
We got a seat outside--the overall atmosphere is nice
and so is the mimosa
but that's where it ends! Our waiter took our drink orders and never came back! About a half hour later another server came out and walked around to ask people if they had ordered
I got her attention and we ordered the omlettes--i asked for mine to be cooked extra
then our 1st server comes over about 10 minutes later to take our order (Uh?!)
About 15 minutes later our food comes--I taste is the brunch potatoes
not too bad
but the omlette
yuck! Can we say extra runny?!!! I could have had a better one at a diner for half the price! Anyway, if you go to Sunday brunch don't expect the best service and you might want to try the lunch items
No Lie- best Indian Food i have ever had
Excellent spices and breads
This small wonderful (and romantic) place has amazing food
The service is kind (albeit sometimes slow) and thoughtful
I would definately go there for a great time and great indian food
It's fabulously cheap, it's cheerful, and the food is the real thing
My vegetable thali tasted exactly like what I ate for four weeks in India - delicious
Cheese poori wasn't so great, but we loved everything else
This is a great place for carnivores and vegetarians to eat together; the menu options are extensive for both
Went here with my girlfriends on a Friday night and the food was cheap, but not delicious
You could find better Indian food elsewhere
Don't go here if you are with 4 people or more since the place is small
Our waitress mixed up my friend's order and was rude about it
My girlfriend I had a great time at this place! We ordered two entres, an appetizer and two glasses of wine, and the bill only came to $32 - did I mention that they threw in free after dinner tea and dessert?  Our waiter (I think he was the owner) was extremely friendly, and recommended some great entres for us
We will definitely be back!
Solid, dependable and cheap Indian food
Only item I wouldn't recommend so far is the keema matar: it seemed a bit bland, and that's even ordered very spicy (which is how I with my steel tongue always order Indian food)
I love this place
I just happened across it one time when my mom was visiting, and we were both incredibly pleasantly surprised
The staff are SO friendly and attentive, and you get so much food for such a small price
I highly recommend the chana sag
I love it there and highly recommend it!!!
Its the best Anglo Indian curry hut in Manhattan and I have been to them all
The only thing I wouldn't have is the Biryani, everything else is Pukka ! (The owner is from Nothampton)
Ghandi cafe is by far the best indian spot in the downtown area
i love the atmosphere its sooo cozy and red
excellant food i always make a point of eating there, so cheap and alot of food
the staff is very attentive
Straight up indian food without all th hype
This is my fave Indian Rest
so far in NY
I love the food and the staff is super nice
They bring a complementary pudding and spiced chai tea at the end of each meal
Generally, the owner is there greeting all of the cutomers with his friendly smile
Great lunch specials
Great food
Wonderful dishes
