The bill for this (and 2 coffees, 1 glass of wine and 2 beers) was $85
00 ! So you decide
The place was already packed by 6:00pm
So get there fast if you actually want a table instead of sitting at the bar (It doesn't take reservations)
The fried oyster and the lobster roll is a must try
Price is reasonable
Nestled on a tiny street is this tiny restaurant with amazing food! You definitely cannot go wrong with anything you order from the menu
The crabcakes were among the best that I had, along with the lobster roll and whole fishes
Although, they do not take reservations, this place is most certaintly worth its wait
(Try getting there a little before dinner time to cut down on waiting time
)
Dined here on Saturday, was a bit of a wait, but the staff was incredibly friendly
Was with 4 friends so we ordered a bottle of wine while we waited
Very tasty seafood, particularly recommend the lobster rolls
Beyond that the waiter was very helpful, particularly in his specials recommendation
It's a little tight, but very laid back and great for a fun night out with friends
I was here last night and I definitely recommend this place
I had the Caesar salad - excellent - and this salmon tartare appetizer - also great
The Callebaut chocolate mousse for dessert was good, but should have been sweeter, in my opinion, as it seemed a bit heavy
I couldn't finish it and if I can't finish chocolate mousse, you know there's a problem! [One thing that did upset me, though, is that I ordered an iced tea and they later told me they don't have Sweet -n- Low or Equal
I complained about this, but allegedly the owner does not like using chemicals at the restaurant, even though the place (trust me) is not health-oriented or vegetarian, etc
I mean, it's not like you're in Whole Foods market
] In all, a good experience, marked by very friendly and attentive service
I have had lobster rolls in several place in the city, including at Mary's, and I really have to declare Pearl the winner
The meat is generously portioned and the flavor is perfectly in balance
The price is also unbeatable for what you get
And Rebecca, if you are reading this, I would love to trail in your kitchen!
ok, the clam chowder is yummy
the oyster po boy is good (it will NOT, however remind u of nawlins) but the real reason to come here is the lobster roll
no frills, a pepperidge farm butter toasted hot dog bun filled with tasty, fresh lobster salad, served alongside yummy frites and the tiniest greensalad ever
where else can you get an entire lobster's meat for $18?! be prepared for a long wait at dinner
The food makes it to you very quickly
We had the world's fastest waitress
You'll be sitting elbow to elbow literally but that makes it kind of fun
I was disappointed in the clam chowder (needs more clams!)
this is the best meal I can remember having
everything was to the same level of excellence - simple perfection
oysters, mussels, clam chowder, LOBSTER ROLL (I didn't even know they could be good), full-on grilled sea bass
so good
The seafood at Pearl is always impeccably fresh and perfectly prepared
Tonight, when I was in the middle of eating my dinner, the maitre d' pulled my plate away from me, moved it down to the empty bar space next to mine, and told me and the couple to my right to all shift down a seat
(This was so that 2 seats would be free together so another couple could be seated down the bar
) I understand that Pearl is small and that they need to optimize seating, but to shift people around AFTER THEY HAVE STARTED EATING is ridiculous and unnacceptable !
I went on a Saturday night at 8:00 pm and waited an hour for 2 seats at the bar
The mussels in the cream broth were great for an appetizer
The clam chowder was just ok, more potatoes than clams were in it
We waited over 15 minutes for that to be served
The lobster roll was excellent
That is a must! The bouillabaisse which Pearl is famous for was very weak! Not enough seafood or broth! Come on, we want dunking sauce!!! It was not worth the $17
00 at all!!! I would only go back for a lobster roll at lunch
Not enough umph for dinner!
The lobster roll is to die for! The ambience is like mom's kitchen, bright
Service was good we sat at the bar stools so the waiter was facing us the whole time
This place isnt pricey and has good food, I can't wait to go again!
The clam steamers, lobster roll, and string fries are staples
There's isn't a better chowder in the city
If you have the opportunity, get the lobster pot pie, accented beautifully by a touch of sherry
Had dinner there last night, can't wait to go back
Plus, my date was really hot
Went there Thurs
night
We were greeted warmly by the host behind the counter and seated quickly
Waitress was nice and friendly--she was knowledgeable helpful about the menu ingredients portions
Good Malpeque oysters
Excellent crabcake---by far the best I've tasted in NYC by far
The salt crusted shrimp and Fish were very good too
Great Butterscotch Praline Parfait
Excellent overall service
Go early to avoid the crowds
Place fills up fast by 7pm even during the weeknights
Highly Recommended for fresh seafood at fair prices
I love everything on the menu
The fried oysters and lobster roll are the best I had in the city
The Boulibaise is also one of my favorites
How could you not like it
Lobster, Shrimp and Scallops
Incredibly consistent food--we had 2 Maine Maple Creme Brulees the other night! Also into the split grilled lobster now instead of the lobster roll and it is a plump, juicy delight
Steamer clams also a new favorite but can't give up those fried oysters and THE BEST crabcake in the city
Tougher than ever to get in (we go once a week) with all of the amazing press they keep getting but so, so worth the wait
We just have a Manahttan across the street!
My husband and I love to eat the lobster rolls at Pearls
We enjoy Maine lobster and Pearls is as close as you can get!! It is overstuffed and so fresh and tasty
Pearl used to have great service and great food
Not sure what happened, but they are now rude
Used to feel like they care and now they really do not
Food is also not what it used to be
Hate to wait an hour for that
Go to Mary's!
This place could not touch Oyster Bar in GCT with a ten foot pole, but for it's size, it is really quite amazing
Awesome fried oysters, and thats really what its all about
Cramped, Yuppish, Loud, and tough to get in, but well worth the wait
Absolutely wonderful dining experience
Pull up a stool at the bar and enjoy
The only down side to this place is that it will get packed but the food is worth the wait
Since my review was one of those maligned
I am not now nor have I ever been employed as flack and I am offended at the insinuation! Doesn't it occur to any of the jealous competitors of a restaurant, that when it gets terrific press world-wide, a 26 and one of the top restaurants in  Manhattan 3 years running from Zagat's, no one buys a 1!!!! Also, doesn't it occur to you that everyone knows of the famous feud and you  are just outing yourself campers? Have been to both places many times and Pearl is far, far superior and all of the Manhattan restaurant world  (and Gourmet magazine) know it! Also, I meant to mention in my review a fab clam chowder
Now, I know it's hot and Pearl is one warm, little  restaurant (though, no worse than Craft!) but for some reason that clam chowder still tastes great!
This place is over rated for sure
The lobster roll is not that great
It's just boiled lobster mix with celery and mayo on a hot dog bun
