I think they do all of the baking on premise, which would explain how yummy everything is (and why the muffins actually have the crispy (not soggy) top)
The patrons of Grey Dog are always very hip looking, but not pretentious
I have heard that evenings are wonderful and their wine list is very respectable
I was a regular grey dog customer and heres the deal: The coffee is excellent, the breads and baked goods are tasty
They specialize in sandwiches with cartoonishly thick break, but they also have other great food
The space is a welcoming oasis from Manhattan stress
HOWEVER: seating is limited and the line is slow
Their delivery is spotty, so expect your order to be late, incomplete or missing key ingredients (like meat)
The staff is pretty cliquish - effusively friendly to minor celebrities but aloof to regular folk
For example, after five years of regular patronage, no one, not the owner, none of the staff, ever even asked my name
On the other hand, the guy with the bagel cart asked my name after about a week
I guess he wanted my business and thought it was important to know his customers
I dont think Grey Dog does
I went here for breakfast with my mom and two friends
We all really enjoyed our breakfast, which was homey fare such as pancakes, muffins, and granola
They have a really nice mixture of healthy options that sound delicious and regular fare
I wish I could have eaten lunch there, the sandwhies and other options sounded so good
It is very tight and a bit cramped, but to me it sets a certain ambiance
If you're in this area of town and in need of a cup of coffee, definately stop by
The coffee prices are very reasonable (I didn't try the food)
More tables than most of NYC's small coffee shops as well
Go here instead of your local Starbucks!
It gets way too crowded sometimes, but the food is good
And the food is very reasonably priced
Gets a tad cramped on weekends and I have just given up a number of times when I walked in for breakfast
BUT
the food and coffee are good
Dogs are no longer allowed in
Big loss to the local dog owners who used to flock there
Sigh
i love grey dog
it's like being on the west coast without having to travel
every neighborhood should have a cool place to hang out and i'm glad that I live near this one
The sandwiches are amazing and the rice crispy treats are enormously delicious
and very cood coffee and iced teas
reading about rave reviews of grey dog's coffee prompted me to trek to the west village
the crowd was young and hip
the environment was hustle bustle busy, but mostly due to the self-service
the seating is cramped and you are forced to eavesdrop to the table beside you
the best cup of coffee is BITTER
remember to ask for lots of cream
With so many things going right, it's hard to imagine that this west village coffeehouse can possibly do anything wrong
The Grey Dog offers a neighborhood sense of familiarity with a friendly and attractive staff
The fun art on the walls and delicious menu keeps this place a must-see
Don't skip out on either caffeinated or alcoholic beverages, as both here are excellent
The seared tuna salad is simply divine
Sooo yummy! Great place to grab a bite
loved the Green Apple Sandwich! A must-go in the Village!
Food was good, although its hard to rate service since its pretty much self serve
The dog's were wonderful to play with though
Don't be discouraged by the long lines during brunch
You must try the always tasty sandwiches, soup and coffee! But go early because the garlic rosemary bread is always the first disappear! Although the olive bread and nine grain is pretty yummy too!
This is the best place ever
Morning, afternoon or at night - the music, food, and overall ambiance always suits your mood
Really friendly waitstaff, and a cute busboy! The food is always SO good - especially the grey dog breakfast on a sunday afternoon
I love the ambience at this really cool GV coffee house
You can sit here for hours and sip good coffee chat with friends
Very laid back no pressure to eat and leave atmosphere
We go here for late-night coffee regularly
it's a very quaint little hole in the wall, and is absolutely romantic yet laid back
Definitely recommended!
The place is really rustic
The bread's amazing and the soup's really home-made
The smell of their coffee will carry you the whole day
(just a little pricey, but really worth it
)
I have nothing negative to say about the Dog
Sure, it is sometimes busy and cramped but overall this is the best place! But I miss the dogs
West Village restaurant, hands down
Great place for brunch or lunch, awesome wait staff
can't say enough about this place!
The food is AWESOME, the service is good, the Sunday Brunch is 2nd to NONE, the neighborhood is Great, but we were dismayed to learn that dogs are no longer allowed, because a little girl was bitten
: ( Even the bathrooms are decorated in early canine!!! You can even get Soy Latte's, this is the ULTIMATE!! Ode to Doggies !!! The Grey Dog RULES
This was my first visit to Grey Dog's after reading the reviews on Citysearch
They were right! This place reminds me of a rural mom pop joint and they have a cool system for ordering and seating which makes waiting for a table worth it
The food is great, but don't go with more than 2-4 ppl
what a great way to escape
a weekend morning
a paper
good breakfast
nothing better! I love this place
There's no better place for breakfast and lunch
The country decor makes me feel like I've left the city and I'm relaxing upstate
But the food is amazing
Try the chicken caesar salad or grey dog club!
We go to greydog's for quickndirty weekend brunches with our dog
I like the hearty food, their diner mugs, and how they call your order out by name
We've seen young movie stars here in their sweats and bedheads
The cool thing is, no one seems to notice
I have to say
I was looking forward to experiencing the best coffee, and the best breakfat it was ok but I was highly disappointed
Definetly not the best coffee or the best breakfast! Not very cozy! Too tight, shoulder to shoulder seating!
CRAMPY PLACE! I WAS FUSTRATED BY THE TIME I CHECKED OUT
IT'S DARK AND MURKY-LIKE
THE MUFFINS ARE GREAT BUT THE COFFEE GOTTA GO! YOU WILL SEE THAT THE CROWD IS ANNOYINGLY LOUD!
I go to Grey Dog all the time, and love the food and the coffee
It can get a bit expensive at times-you pay for the atmosphere
The staff is friendly and the music is cool too
Can be a bit slow during busy lunch time
the coffee HAS changed
