Burgers are covered with an aluminum lid so they steam until they're cooked
And they all come out well-done
It's all about what you put on the pallid, grey mystery meat
Fries and Rings are ok is the grease is fresh
Otherwise, watch out
Speaking of grease, you will carry that scent in your clothes for the rest of the day
Do it once, I suppose
But then visit somewhere else
Jackson hole burgers are good for only one thing
more burger for the buck
Basically it is not really a hamburger at all, but more like a piece of meatloaf on a bun, very greasy, and too large for the bun
I hate that! There are much better burgers in this city, lets be serious here
21 Club, City Hall, Wollensky's Grill
etc!
My first visit to Jackson Hole (Bayside) was a never again experience
Ordered the famous hamburger which was disgusting
It looked like it was boiled
Took one taste and could not eat it
NEVER AGAIN!!
OK, I know that the burgers are big, but thats about it
The meat wasn't particularly good
The roll wasn't anything special
It's all a bunch of hype
It was the best Burger I've had since going to Corner Bistro this past summer
I came out of the movies and decided to try Jackson Hole
I got the plain cheesburger with fired onions and it was the friggin bomb
Nuff said
My girlfriend loved her Bronco plain chicken sandwhich but it didnt compare to my carnivorous delight
Terrible burgers! It's all hype, and nothing else
The buffalo wings on the menu were nothing but fried chicken wings
The burger was just a big klump of dry meat with 1 slice of cheese
Jackson Hole is a wonderful place to eat, as long as you don't mind the crowdedness on week-days
I go with kids but not with large groups
DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELICIOUS, PEOPLE! ABSOLUTELY DELECTABLE HAMBURGERS, FRIES, AND ::SHAKES::
Everyone should definantely try this out at least once in their lives
YUMMMMY
These guys induce food comas for all but the most fat, hungry people with their let's take a softball-sized hunk of bland meat and try to cover it with a thousand stupid variations burger
This is the place to go ONLY if you are about to begin a hunger strike
The only thing more bland than the hamburger meat is the ambiance and the staff
You must be joking
How does this loser get on any Best list? They have the worst burgers I have EVER had - gristly and tasteless
The place smells like old grease, which would be enough to turn off your appetite even if the food were decent
Within a short distance of this hole, you can find great burgers at Mustang Grill or Panorama Cafe
The burgers were delicious and for hearty appetites
The french fries were also first-rate
The ambience was adequate for a burger place
Recommended to my friends for a good place to go after a sporting event
Burgers were very big, but who cares when they have no taste? It was just a big hunk of beef with NO FLAVOR, very bland! I went to JH after reading the reviews, and was very disappointed
The trimmings were cheap-iceberg lettuce, barely ripe tomatoes, cheap bun
I'm suprised so many people like the place?? Heed my warning
if you're looking for taste, steer clear of this place!!!
We went in on a Sunday afternoon
We sat at the bar, and from the very beginning it seemed as if we were an inconvenience
But back to the lipsmacking, a man seated at the end of the bar proceeded to smack loudly through the entire fabled humongous burger this place is famous for
The manager sat down with this guy and did paperwork while discussing tips with the personality free bartender
The food was not good
After sitting without any beverages for about fifteen minutes, the manager got up and poured a glass of water for his smacking companion
He never even glanced up at us
We finally got our check and left
You couldn't pay me to give these people business
People may think I am a whiner, but I assure you this was a horrible experience that one hundred fifty words could not efficiently describe
This is by far the best burger I've ever had the pleasure of sinking my teeth into!! It's huge! Unless you have an extremely healthy appetite, I suggest you order the burger by it's self
That, along with whatever it is you're drinking, should be enough to satisfy you
Unless of course you decide you're a glutten for punishment, order the deluxe platter
Jackson Hole is reasonably priced and the drinks are good, alcoholic or non
The setting is very relaxed which is also complemented by good music
The cons
street parking can be difficult, but there is a garage around the corner from the restaurant on 39th street if you're willing to pay, and there isn't much room to manuver, as the space between the table is very limited
Other than that, I highly recommend Jackson Hole
the burgers are so good that no side is needed
We take orders once a week for the food
We either drive there or take a cab from greenwich to pick up the food
Wow! That burger is huge! Not only that, it taste great too
I couldn't believe I finished it! Nice and juicy! The fries were good too! Am I in Wyoming? Jackson Hole is Awesome! Can't think of a better place to eat heart-clogging food
The taste is to die for! Peace!
I've ordered takeout from this Jackson Hole a few times and every time I've had to wait a ridiculous amount of time
Is it because I order mushrooms on my burger? Then to top it off, I go home and they've place it in a metal container, so the bun is all mushy and nasty
You'd be wise to ask them to wrap it in foil if you're taking it to go
Otherwise, burgers are huge and hard to finish
AT THIS LOCATION, THE MANAGER SUCKS!!!   OUTSIDE OF THAT, THE FOOD IS GOOD
BUT BEWARE
9 OUT OF 10, TAKEOUT ORDERS, YOUR LIKELY TO BE GIVEN THE WRONG ORDER OR SOMETHING ELSE
Dont believe the $$$ Rating unless you plan to have 2 pitchers of beer with your 1 lb burger
Burgers are cooked to order
Medium is TRUELY pink and the service is great
Tables are a little cramped, but dinner or lunch for 2 is fine
As much as Jackson Hole excells is quantity, they fall just as far short on the flavor of the hamburgers
These are the best and biggest burgers I have ever had! They are juicy and taste out of this world!!!! I can't finish my fries!
The burgers are huge - and totally tasty
A great place to bring Europeans
They'll flip over the size of the burgers
This was a very juicy burger, and the serving size was enormous
In retrospect, Mom's burgers were not as good as these
(Sorry Mom)
The food choices were great
Just because it's known for its large assortment of burger 'styles', the other choices on the menu are worth mentioning as well
Chicken and pasta choices are very tempting
This burger was extremely tasty and juicy! I had a bacon cheese burger, and my mouth is watering just remembering the experience
I can't recall too many better burgers that I've had
I will certainly return for an encore
