AH, GREAT LIMONCELLO MARGARITA
So , this is what italian food should taste like
Not only the recipes are original,but they really good , not only on paper
Great pastas, of course,but also different desserts(try the latte cheese cake) and a grest wine selection
You still pay $6 dollar for a glass of chianti!!! This place is cheap for the quality of food you get
Worth a visit
A couple of friends and I went for a late dinner at this restaurant
The waiter was the rudest waiter I have ever had
He refused to serve us for no apparent reason
There was two women next to us that wanted a quiet dinner and asked him to have us move
First of all, we were not being loud and second of all, instead of having us move he just kicked us out
I complained to the manager who offered to move us and pay for our appetizers
He even admitted the waiter was a jerk
The waiter hid in the kitchen while I was having this conversation
We told the manager it was not worth a few appetizers to be treated that way and left
This place has become a favorite of mine! I find the atmoshere very cozy and romantic--a great date place! I have eaten there half a dozen times and everytime the food and the service were excellent
I would recommend the home made pastas! They also have a decent wine list and they can make a good cocktail!
La Giara's chocolates crepes are heavenly! Everything is superbly prepared! A definite value for $!
The best place I have been to in NY
Amazing service
even better food and drinks
A must for any occasion!!!
Average chinese food
They got the best hot and sour soup
Good for pedestrian chinese food
In Short A festive atmosphere and pitchers of frozen margaritas attract an after work and late night crowd, but the overstuffed, whimsically named burritos are the main draw
Marietta's Boom Boom Chili contains chunks of beef, carrots and beans; while the Harvest Moon burrito is a whole-wheat tortilla filled with broccoli, zucchini and yellow squash
All you can eat chips and salsa arrive with low-priced lunch discounts, and the bar features nightly drink specials
i really like this place- always have
the atmosphere is really cool, the drinks are great, food is good too
i had my first bad experience w/ Baby Bo's today- I ordered a burrito w/ no cheese or creme and asked to substitue guacamole
They refused so I ordered it on the side
My order arrived and the guac was $3 for a tiny cup holding about 2 spoonfuls
I called the manager to complain and he started yelling at me! meanie!
Baby Bo's was closed for a bit for rennovation
But I'm so glad it's back!! I went into Baby Bo's randomly one night and was surprised with the yummy burritos!! The service is casual and prompt
Can not wait to check out the new ambience!
This used to be my favorite place to go for Mexican
However menu has just changed and food is no where near as good as it used to be
Hope they change it back or will need to change a new favorite spot
I've been looking for a decent Mexican place out in New York for awhile now and this place is probably one of the better options that New York has to offer (not one of those Tex Mex places)
The carne asada burrito was pretty tasty and the prices were pretty reasonable
I just wish it was closer to where I lived
This is my favorite mexican restaurant and I eat there probably about once week
I have tried several items on the menu and I always get the chicken enchiladas with the fiery chipotle sauce
YUMMY!! I also recommend you ask the server to bring out some of the chipotle sauce for dipping w/your chips as it is delicious
Great value, friendly service, and great food
WOW! I've visited Baby Bo's on numerous occasions and everytime i am in there I am greeted with such friendly people and amazing service
The bartenders are great and make excellent margaritas and the last waiter I had [David i think was his name] was such a delight and not only on top of it
but entertained the table as well! Definately my favorite mexican restauraunt
At work there a lot of choices for take out
Baby Bos is the way to go for Mexican
We were hungry and they provided the food to fill us up
The only con was that it took more than an hour for our order to arrive
I almost thought the del
guy took a detour! But other than that


the food is awesome
Great chick burritos and shrimp fajitas and awesome margs!! Also inexpensive food; but be careful margs aren't, flavored are around $8 each
My boyfriend and I stopped in there one evening for something to eat
Yes, it is VERY SMALL, so go there early
That is the only negative thing I can say about it
The Margarita's are amazing
We ended up ordering 2 pitchers of margarita to help was down our dinner
If you want a hang out with friends and have good meal and a great drinks too, this the place to go
Absolutely delicious burritos, great value
One thing that threw me off was the tiny bowl of salsa when you sit down, but the second we finished it, they brought back a huge one! I totally get it
they don't want people wasting it so they see if you're a salsa eater first
great strategy! Thanks, can't wait to go back!
The burritos are so great, I crave them while I am sitting at my desk and dreaming about lunch
The harvest moon burrito is filled with veggies and is so big you can take it home with you to enjoy another day! The service can be slow and forgetful during lunch hours, but the food is worth the wait
They have a great lunch special which includes a cup of soup
Definitely your money's worth for a filling lunch!
They deliver even if the ordrer is very small and inexpensive
The food here is great and everything is cheap--the only real problem I found with the place is the service
It took forever to get our food
Overall it's a good place to stop into if you're in the neighborhood
Excellent prix fixe lunch special! Huge burritos
The venice burrito is great
The atmosphere is interesting to say the least
The Venice Burrito with Chicken is to die for
If you're big on beautiful surroundings, this is not the place for you
What the lack in decor, they more than make up for with the great tasting (translated--extremely flavorful) food
The salsa is great and the lunch menu prices can't be beat!
Awesome burritos! Although I am not a huge fan of the burrito, I have tasted the best burrito at Baby Bo's, and it doesn't end here
They serve the best frozen margaritas! I have been going there for the last 7 years
The restaurant is small and cozy
The lighting is just perfect and the music is great
the food is fantastic and the service is friendly
Try their quesadillas, and chicken fingers chipotle, they're inexpensive and top quality
I went to lunch with my mother on a Monday afternoon and it was pretty crowded
Although it isn't difficult to pack this place because it is definitely cozy
The food was good and decently priced
which isn't all the typical for this area of midtown
Lots of fast food restaurants and not enough decent food! And the service was fantastic
The waitresses were very friendly and more than accomodating
The plates of pasta were more than I could ever eat so we got to take home some leftovers
but my pasta was overloaded with garlic so I spent a lot of time picking out big chunks of it
The appetizers, main courses and desserts are very basic and simple
