The wine list is never ending
Service is impecable
I keep coming back!!!
Coming from LA, I was recommended to 3 places for steak in NY city
Luger's, Dylan's Prime and Sparks
I chose Sparks since several locals told me that it was a basic, no frills steakhouse, not trendy like the others
Great sirloin, caesar salad, and most memorably the service was top notch
Sparks is the place!
The atmosphere is very masculine and not exactly inviting, and definitely not a place for children or quiet romance
That said, the service was pretty good and the famed NY Strip deserves the praise
So if you love a good steak, are past the staring longingly into each other's eyes phase and can afford it- go for it!
I travel a great deal for my company
Thinking the mid-west is the best place for a steak similar to getting a cheesesteak in Philly, Sparks kick some serious Grade A Beef!  The prime sirlion, which runs around $40, you could cut with a fork it was so tender
The service is the best I've ever had, and there is nothing like having the person bringing your steak to your table singinf O' Sole Mio!!!
Went there for a bachelor party in a group of 15
Service and food absolutely outstanding
Waiter handled all apps and sides, and made great suggestions
Steak was tremendous, although be careful ordering MR if you like yours closer to rare
one in our party was disappointed that his was overcooked
They offered another for free, but who can eat two steaks that size? No thanks
Overall, a fantastic spot for big appetites and big occasions
You want the best steaks in NYC? Forget Lugers, go straight to Sparks
Get the Sirloin (house specialty), creamed spinach and hash browns
Maybe a martini to get you started
What can I say? It just doesn't get better
Service is the steakhouse special, i
e
, grumpy old man, which kind of fits the atmosphere
For the record I've eaten at Lugers, SW, AM, Keen's, The Red Eye, Maloney Porcelli and while they are all solid, not one compares to Sparks
The steak was good, and the service was good under the very crowded circumstances
Unlike others, I did not find the wait staff snobbish
However, the food does not match the bill
I would avoid everything but the steak, since none of the other dishes warrant their prices
I was not rushed out, unlike other commentators
Indeed, it was a leisurely meal
Be prepared for a very noisy and raucus atmosphere in which conversation can be challenging
If you like your entree to be served while you are only half way through with your appetizer, then Sparks is the steakhouse for you
We were so rushed through our dinner, that it felt like we were in a 'fast food' place rather than in an upscale restaurant
The food was mediocre at best and was served lukewarm
For a 7:30 reservation we were seated at 8:45 with no apology
By that time, many patrons had way too many drinks and were loud and obnoxious
The food was pretty typical steak house, not nearly as good as Peter Lugars, and the service was just ok
I would never go there again
People-watching here was a joy
Half the crowd looked like they belonged on the set of the Sopranos
The place was packed
We had reservations, but we still had to wait 45 minutes to be seated
We stood near the bar and dodged waiters until we were seated
We opted to skip the appetizers because we weren't super hungry, and they were pricy
Instead, we had steaks alla round and some sides
The steaks were quite nice -- blackened outsides which I love
Mushroom caps - yum
Creamed spinach you can pass on
Hash browns and asparagus are good
Service was not too good
Waiter was either very busy or had to whack someone in the back room
We thought Sparks would be the perfect place for a nice birthday celebration - big mistake
After waiting over an hour for our table even though we had reservations (discovering too late that probably the biggest hold-up was that the host was accepting cash and seating accordingly - so plan to have to bribe the host) we were not very happy by the time we sat down
In addition we were not impressed by the food or the service
Our waiter was rude - forgetting to place an order and then telling us it was our fault he didnt place it
The steaks were ok
For the reputation and cost, the food and service should have been much much better
My 1st trip to New York and 1st trip to Spark's Steakhouse! It was the BEST meal ever! My friends and I had a WONDERFUL time, the wait staff was very friendly - I have great pictures of my friend and some of the staff! The wine list was great! The appetizers, meal everything - great portions! I would HIGHLY recommend! It's worth the money and time! I will be back on my next trip to New York! The Raspberry dessert w/the Grand Marnier - YUMMY!!!
Sparks Steak House has been serving excellent food for a long time
The wine list has won awards and their steaks are handled with tender loving care
I've been eating at Sparks since before the move to 46th street
Even when down on 18th st
they served wonderful steaks
Tina Sokol
I love this place! As a steak lover, it's my haven
and as a mafia junkie, it's my heaven
Though it is expensive, it's definitely worth it for its history and style
When else are you going to be at a site of mob history? Sparks steak is immaculate and its wine list is incredible
What is weak? Definitely the stuck up wait staff
but trust me--the steak is worth the cold wait staff
Sirloin and lobster combination best in the city
Excellent priced wine list with good selection of Napa and Bordeaux
went with co
group for dinner
busy, noisy, popular steak house, not sure how they will do with smoking ban
but the lamb chops medium rare 2 1/2 lb lobsters tenderly steamed were superb! other entree's just ok, some steaks came out overdone for colleagues
sides are large good for group
The SUM IT: great if you're on expense acct
but wouldn't come on my own wallet
We had reservations for 8:30 but were made to wait an hour and a half!! Asked the maitre 'd when we could be seated but everytime we asked, all he said was wait a minute
The waiting game seemed to be geared soley towards making customers pay for expensive drinks
Regulars and those who were friends of the maitre 'd were obviously given preferential treatment
All in all, the Maitre 'd was really rude and snobbish toward the waiting customers
The food wasn't that great either
HANDS DOWN THE BEST STAEK IN NYC
SERVICE IS A+ WINE LIST LIKE PHONE BOOK
We got there 10 min
earlier than our reservation, ended up waiting 40min
Ordered ceasar's salad-the lettuce was stale
I got the sirloin-they know how to cook the steak to your liking, but the beef itself was not that greatly aged
It's good but I can find better for this price
Sparks didn't offer what I expected
if you like very simple meat and potatos, this is the place for you
The best steak I have ever had, anywhere was in Lancaster, PA at JMs Bistro
Peter Luger an Dylan aren't even close
