These restaurants cost about $150-200/person
This is a steakhouse that costs $50, and get this, they ask for a credit card to make a reservation
I don't really have a problem with that, but the finale is that they don't guarantee a reservation! I'm calling to tell you I want to reserve a table, and you can't guarantee it? Why are you taking my CC number then?  One last thing, the two times I have been there with a reservation, I have had to wait from 45 minutes to an hour
The food is good, but what is going on with this place?
Here's the skinny: Don't get the 'yucca flour' side dish
It's like sand
The fried bananas were great
The bar was understaffed - three deep with two bartenders
Had to repeat Two Heinekens, a glass of white and a Jack and Coke five times
FIVE TIMES
The salad bar was bedlam
There was food flying everywhere
I was afraid to go up a second time
The prime rib, flank steak and ham were phenomenal
The sausage and the gyro-type lamb were nasty
The coconut flan and caramel flan were delicious
Overall, I think $39
95 per person is overpriced
The ham guy only came around once, I practically had to tackle him for a second serving
But the sausage guy was everywhere! Do they intentionally pace the pricier meat
? Too noisy, tables are too close together
Mediocre rodizio
Having been to churrascaria's in many cities including in S
A
I was sorrily dissappointed with the noise level and VERY tight seating in this restaurant
Great food, super sushi (interesting surprise) but I would not go back just becase of the seating
I GO TO RIO ABOUT 5 TIMES PER YEAR, YOU CAN CALL ME A BRAZILIAN NUTS
AND LET ME TELL YOU THIS PLACE IS BETTER THEN ALL THE CHURRASCARIAS THAT I HAVE BEEN TO IN RIO
IT'S SIMPLE THE BEST
I LOVE STEAK
I EAT STEAK ALL THE TIME
I HAVE NEVER BEEN HAPPIER THAN HERE
I HAVE BEEN TO ALL THE STEAK HOUSES
Morton's, Ruth Chris, Palm, Frankie Johnnies, Dylan's, Peter Luger
THIS PLACE
IT IS SPECIAL
IT IS A PLACE THAT ANY TRUE STEAK CONNOISSEUR WILL KEEP COMING BACK FOR MORE
YOU NOT ONLY GET ONE STEAK
BUT YOU GET TO TRY EVERY TYPE IN ONE SITTING
PURE GENIUS! I APPLAUD THE OWNER! I APPLAUD THE STAFF! I APPLAUD THE WINE LIST
The atmosphere is amazing, the food is delicious, the best salad bar with the best sushi rolls?!!!(Japanese places better start worrying) I really liked the dress code too - enough already with jeans-sneaker-baseball-look all around! And live music really adds to the whole experience
Two thumbs up!!!
Don't believe the hype, it is nothing out of the ordinary or extremely unique
the interior is very well done, however, the meat is not all it claims to be and there are so many more restaurants that are much better
Be prepared to eat sirloin steaks that look like slices of roast beef
Nice variety of meat, very crowded and noisy, huge place, our waiter was very nice, parking was horrible
had to park in a lot and that sucked too!
I first went here about 3 years ago and thought it was the best Churrasceria around
Maybe my expectations were too high, but this time the meat seemed rather bland, there was not the variety I remember (only about 10 types of meat came by) and there were long periods where the waiters seemed to disappear
If you want a better meal, just go to a good steakhouse like FJ's
My wife and I traveled from Long Island by the LIRR to see Les Miserables for the last time and we were delighted! We were even more delighted by Churrascaria Plataforma
A perfect ending to a perfect day! This was our first time and it won't be our last!
I love this place for it's fun atmosphere-but not so much for the quality of meat
I go here a lot to entertain my guests though, and they love it
It's fun!! If the meat quality was better, I would commute to this place!! They could also work a little harder on their desserts too though
This is the best restaurant I have ever been
from the minute we checked in to the time we paid the check everything was fantastic
The food is phenomenal, the atmosphere extiguiside and the service impecable
My party had a blast
Thi swas my second time at Currascaria
Happy I made reservations, as the play fille dupi quickly
Food was excellent
Meat was always very hot, very flavorful and abundant
Caiparinhas limes, sugar and Brazillian rum were excellent
I love that they make them fresh tableside
Service was good, however we definitely felt rushed as we were finishing up
The waiter came over and asked us 3 times if we needed anything else
We took the hint
Great food, good service good times! Expensive, but you get so much food!
The food is fantastic -- both the meats and the ridiculously large salad bar (all sorts of salads, soups as well as shrimp and maki and a few hot dishes)
The ambience is fun -- loud and relaxed -- better to go with a group
BUT, the service is not so good
And we were seated almost an hour after our reservation time even though we arrived a few minutes early
So plan on waiting but enjoy
Excellent food and enough choices to please everyone in a large group
It's a Churrascaria, which means it will be busy and very active and pretty noisy, not a romantic place, but a excellent place to eat great meat and go with large group
you will spend about $65 at the end of night per person if you choose the Rodizio (All You can eat Churrasco!) and don't go crazy on the drinks
Diff
worth going at least once
The food is excellent, but the service is awful
They actually forgot to bring the birthday cake we ordered
They also do not honor reservations, so be prepared to wait, even if you have a reservation
I don't think it's pricey for the amount of food you get
And the salad bar is fantastic
If you can tolerate the service, the food is great - and a lot of it
I went to this restaurant on 1/4/03 for lunch
Luckily, it was not crowded
Great food, salad bar and lots of grilled meats
It's a good place to go if your really hungry
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35
Later I found out lunch is around $26 and dinner is $39
This does not include drinks, desserts, etc
Try the Ciapirina (sp?) a great Brazillian drink
I wasn't ready for what Churrascaria Plataforma had in store for me
After I was able to pronounce the name without looking at a matchbook, I raved to all
Meat Lovers Heaven! My husband and I went for our anniversary and regretfully it isn't the most romantic spot
However, New Year's Eve with a group of friends would have been perfect! Try all the meats
But words of caution
stay away from the desserts b/c they are ala carte as opposed to all other items which are included in the $40 set meal price
We got greedy (caught up) and spent $17 on desserts
