Yes, it's not the cheapest place in the world, but the pre-theatre menu offered a wonderful dinner experience
Avoid the sorbet though, honey doesn't really work in sorbet!
The Loup de Mer is outstanding, if a little pricey
There's a courgette (zucchini) and aubergine (eggplant) appetizer that's delicious as well
The decor is stark and white with a very Greecian feel
Worth a visit
The fish here is super fresh and comes from all over the world! I recomend the Fried Calamari appetizer
it's cut fresh and fried to order
the Tzaziki dip
another super fresh item
the Greek Salad, you Never tasted tomatoes or Feta like whats in this salad! Any fish you pick will be remarkable, unfortunately the fish come by the pound on usually a 2 lb weight at a price of $45 per pound and up! That is the ONLY drawback
If you go there to expect a fabulous, amazing meal, and are not worried that you will spend BIG BUCKS here, this is THE place for delcious Greek food! The Milos in Montreal is just as FABULOUS as this NY location
Have a glass of the Greek Cabernet wine
Amethystos, you'll love that too!
We had a great experience at Milos
The prices are high but so is the quality of food and service
The fish was so fresh and the entres are big enough to share
Try the 'Loup de Mer'! Appetizers were delicious, especially the greek salad with fresh feta
And the pommegranates give the place a romantic flare
If you are looking for good seafood, Milos is the place to go
I am upset to read all the negative comments regarding Milos
I had a great experiance there from appetizers to the fruit tray for dessert
Milos is a truly special restaurant with an amazingly calm vibe that makes you feel as if you're on the Greek seaside
The octopus appetizer is wonderful and tender
It's the only octopus anything that I will eat
Milos also introduced me to some amazing fish - - the Royal Dorado is my fave, followed up by the Loup de Mer
They prepare it simply and perfectly
No need to throw on all kinds of arty onions or sauces or anything else that some fancy chefs insist upon
Entirely wonderful and worth the price
I'm saddened to say my friends I had to pay such preposterous prices when I know i can get the same quality meal (w/ less atmosphere) for less $$!! If you're going order crab cake(s) expect to plunk down $21/cake, ($43 for 2
) Which fell apart weren't very tasty
Actually I could've prepared it better w/ artificial crab-meat! (I've a damn good recipe consider myself a pretty good cook!) Oh, and i think the owner owns his own plane (how convenient?!) brings in his the fish from Greece
However, you may want to call in advance to see if it's delayed, since I know this has happened to a group that recently went were highly disappointed to find out only a few fish were available instead of twenty+! What a waste! At least the service is attentive (maybe too much!!) but it is horrendously expensive!
The food was fresh and tasty, service was mediocre, decor was nice, but the price was way too expensive to justify returning
In Short Midtown office workers and tourists alike fill this fun and festive dining room for a taste of traditional Greek cuisine
The house specialty is grilled fish: The kitchen tosses everything from calamari to red snapper on the grill with a touch of olive oil, lemon juice and mixed herbs
Non-seafood lovers can choose from saganaki (flaming cheese), grilled lamb and chicken kabobs
The meat and sworfish were cooked perfectly here! I also thought the Octopus was very very good
My boyfriend and I had happy hour drinks next door and moved over here for dinner
It was reasonably priced for the area and also my favorite restaurant during my 1 week stay in NYC! They had large portions which I felt bad leaving behind since we were going to a show afterwards
I highly recommend it!
Two simple requests: (1) Could the fish dip be put on a plate separate from the three other dips in an appetizer since I am vegetarian
Response: You're that strict!? No it can't be put on a separate plate
I'll put a tomato between the dips
No thanks
(2) Can the spanakopita be baked, not microwaved, since the filo dough becomes soggy and unpleasant when microwaved
Response: No
The oven is off
(It was 9:30 p
m
)  More expensive than a diner with food and service that don't match the best diners
Great place for fresh fish, simply prepared (e
g
brushed with olive oil and broiled), with big portions, and the price is reasonable
Service is good, but rushed (careful when you stand up
you may be crushed by a waiter rushing by)
My only complaint is that it is cramped and noisy (better in summer with the back garden)
Can't say enough about how great this place is
Like any establishment, it always begins and ends with the service
The wait staff is patient, attentive, answers questions to the non-Greek cuisine savvy, extremely quick, and have magically found a seat for my party and I despite how full the place is
The food is excellent
The kabobs are fresh and charred perfectly, retaining the juiciest flavor ever
The mousaka is another favorite and has never disappointed me
In general the food portions are plentiful without burning a hole in one's purse/wallet
Its always a great experience dining here at Uncle Nicks
As a huge fan of greek food, I only found Uncle Nick's OK
Since my visit to Corfu, I keep trying to find the same delicious tzatziki
I, sadly, didn't find it here
I love Uncle Nick's! It is one of my favorite restaurants
Everything I've tried there I loved
i especially like the flaming cheese patitsio
I am a HUGE fan of Greek food and I have to say that this is most wonderful I've had
I found Unclue Nick's review here and had to stop in to give it a shot, boy was I glad that I did
Well done!
We walked from times square to Uncle Nick's
It was by far the best dinner I can remember
While the seating is tight and the room a little loud it is all worth it
Huge portions and better than average prices made this a trip that I will not forget
Being from Ohio I have to say that I would almost make the trip back to NYC just to eat at Uncle Nick's again
There were 4 of us for dinner and with a bottle of wine plus tip we got out of there for @ $100
Yummy food in this not so easy to find hell's kitchen greek hangout
The food is delicious, reasonable and very appertizing! MY personal favorite greek restaurant in the city!
I've been going to Uncle Nick's for years, and it's never easy to get in
You know when even the locals are lining up that a restaurant is a good one
The most flavorful food in NYC
And don't let the Greek turn you off, ythere's plenty of American chicken and beef meals, flavored up, for every member of your party
And their lunch specials can't be beat! Just ask anyone who lives nearby, and they'll recommend Uncle Nick's!
The best Greek food - great speedy service
I love the mousaka- the best! very friendly staff
I guess the only turn off is that it is always very loud and crowded
Fresh, flavorful food
High quality ingredients
Generous portions
Courteous service
This place is excellent every time
This restaurant is one of my favorite places to go for a post-Broadway-show meal
Since the kitchen stays open later than many of those at surrounding joints, I've never felt as though I'm going to be rushed to finish my meal
I've tried numerous items on the menu--halibut, mousaka, various salads--and every time the food has been delicious
The catch is that Uncle Nick's is no secret
Generally speaking, I have to wait fifteen minutes for a table
