Food delicious
Huge portions
Non-stop fresh squeezed o
j
Smoothies perfect after breakfast drink
Take a long walk in Central Park to walk off the delicious meal
Norma's is my personal fave for fantastic breakfast/brunch food!! I am truly in love with the egg white frittata with shrimp and asparagus (sometimes they sneak and substitute spinach, which is just fine with me), and that OJ!! WOW
I'm a Florida native and darn picky about OJ, but this is by far the best I have ever had anywhere
My one tiny wish for Norma's is that the decor made you feel as welcome and comfortable as the excellent food and sweet, attentive staff do
Hint: if you work in midtown, go for lunch--they are open til 3!
I love the taste of a new fruity drink every time you go! the fresh jams are outstanding and the food is just delicious
expect to wait a VERY long time!
Norma's is my favorite place to eat breakfast when I am in Manhattan
The decor is stylish and minimalistic
I love the smoothies that come in the test-tube style glasses
The food is to die for
It is expensive for breakfast, but what isn't in Manhattan
And it's a struggle to get in
But it is worth it when you do
Do not miss going to this restaurant
Have made it a point to go there whenever I am in New York!
The confusiion here is Best Cup of Coffee
the reviews discuss many things and not prioritizing the coffee
this system is not quite fair as these are fans of other tthings at Norma's
Coffee is average at best
ask around
AMAZING!!! By far the best brunch in the city! Everyone run, run, run to Normas
My teenage sons always ask for Norma's when we come to NYC
We now celebrate b-days there
The wait staff are well known to us and it's a pleasure to see their familiar faces - especially the wonderful earth mother, Kimberly
Just this week, I took a friend there for her b-day and made sure that we were in Kimberly's section
My friend was thrilled with the warm generous service - from everyone - including the host who came over to wish her a Happy B-day and the chocolate strawberries with a birthday candle, that Kimberly delivered
I've never had a disappointing dish there
My husband took me here to celebrate my birthday after watching James Taylor Friday Concert in Rockefeller Center
Loved the sample of the smoothie
Remember to Live Life Joyfully!
Everytime my granddad ate good food he always used to pat his feet
Everyone knew then he liked what he was eating
Well, grandpa would be pattin' up a storm if he ate at Norma's
Grandpas long gone but his grandson is having a grand ole time eating his waffles and berries and the lobster and eggs dishes
It's real good!
Norma's has a very unique gourmet brunch that appeals to gourmands and food Philistines alike
The $7 bottomless orange juice is the best OJ value in town, especially for snobby native Floridians like me who won't drink it anywhere else! The whazzaa is ridiculously sugar-laden and scrumptious
For a less insulin-shocking meal, try the egg white/shrimp/spinach frittata
Excellent!!
Excellent, feel like someone's really looking out for you
The best place in the city to go for a large Sunday meal
Nothing like it in NYC
This is one place that i dont mind dropping some hard cash
It's worth it!!
This is a nice treat for yourself
The food was pretty good
The only thing was that the Eggs Benedict i had, the asparagus was overcooked
My friend had the lobster/asparagus omelette, and the asparagus and lobster was overcooked also
Breakfast at Norma's is the way to go if you want to have a great start to your day or to close a deal
With great food, ambiance and service, it sets a positive atmosphere for business as well as pleasure
Love their Caramel French Toast! Free smoothies to start and strong coffee
It is NYC's best kept secret!
Excellent restaurant if you have eaten at Norma's you are really missing the taste of New York!
I've been there about 10 times (all for weekday lunch), and never had a disappointing meal
The menu is sort of varied, which makes it interesting
Excellent lemon pancakes and crunchy French toast with real maple syrup, and very fluffy omelettes
Haven't tried their salads or burgers yet, although they look huge
Samples of their great smoothies is a nice beginning touch to the meal
I love this place!! If they only took weekend reservations, it would be even better
Norma's is great as it open untill 3pm in the afternoon
So you can have breakfast for Lunch
The staff are the best !
This is the greatest breakfast place ever! The waiter talked me into getting a Wazza
He said if I was disappointed that I didn't have to pay! Who could ever be disappointed? This dish was amazing
The restaurant is number one for me
The managers were great - they let me take home the leftovers - the room is very comfortable (you don't sit right on top of the next table) and the music is a trip down memory lane for everyone
I am going back next week with my family so they can taste the WazZa - but really because I want to try the chocolate french toast!!
OK, I've had french toast before, but they have the best
Chocolate French Toast with berries and chocolate sauce
Perfect chocoholic's fix! It's pretty pricy, but service is top of the line, and one meal there will last you all day!
Astonishing
The food and the service are both top-notch
The room is absolutely gorgeous
The music is subtle and sublime
This is by far the most exquisite and eclectic breakfast menu anywhere
If you don't treat yourself to this at least twice a week, you are truly missing out!!!
There is NO kid menu and I don't know too many parents who want to pay $4 for a glass of milk or $7 for orange juice--fresh squeezed or not
The food was tasty but most families with children ages 3-10 would do better elsewhere
$14 for a plain waffle and fruit is just a little steep
This is NOT the place for families watching their vacation budget
A local diner would have been a better choice
Note: I was told that at Norma's kid-friendly means that they allow children to dine there
They do have crayons and coloring placemats but that is the extent of their kid-friendliness
Brunch at Norma's was just lovely! Though we did have to wait about 30 minutes, it was worth it
They started the meal with a complimentary shot of their fruit smoothie of the day, then brought us each our own french press of coffee
The meals were delicious - french toast with foie gras was decadent, corned beef hash was a salty delight and eggs benedict was good as well
There were at least 20 options on the menu that looked good to me
It is a bit pricey but worth it!
Looking for a great breakfast spot? You'd be hard-pressed to find a better place than Norma's
French press coffee, unlimited refills on OJ, and the best Belegian waffle (topped with creme brulee) in the city
Expect a long wait on the weekends, but it is well worth it to tough it out
Also be sure to get there early as they close at 3pm
The prices are a little steep, but you will be so delighted by the food that you won't care that you just plopped down $40 on breakfast
I've been to Norma's several times now, and between the dishes I order and the dishes of my companions that I sample, I've tried around 10 of their dishes
