Good times all around
And great pickles!
I knew before I went to NYC that I wanted to dine here
Don't be intimidated by the guy at the door or the communal seating -- just enjoy the food
The service is fast and the portions are GIGANTIC! When all is said and done it's always fun to tell your friends that you spent $18
50 for a club sandwich in NYC! I wish I had room for dessert
Next time I go I will just get soup and save room for a big slice of pie or cheesecake!
While this place appears to be a tourist trap, I must admit the place is pretty good
Be prepared to wait in line if you get there past 11:30
However, the food here can't be beat
Matzo ball soup is so large you can share
And the sandwiches, blitzes, desserts, need I say more
The atmosphere is a true NY experience
Blintzes as big as your head
Sure, it's pricey, but you get huge portions and that NY attitude
Good corned beef
Be prepared to take home at least 1/2 of what you order
Sure, it's in Times Square and the portions are mega and it tastes good
but a $25 turkey sandwich? Chase that down with a $10 bowl of soup and move on
One of the city's best uptown deli outposts, Carnegie offers great overstuffed sandwiches and deli classics (check the revolving cake display)
Sure, the lines can get long, especially around lunchtime, but if you go offpeak, the wait's short and the waitstaff friendly
This place is fantastic- they have a great prix-fix menu good all night and a wonderful wine list
Prices are reasonale and the onion soup is delicious
Service is a little off- don't go if you are in a rush- they bring you the wine and forget about you for a while
I am not sure if it is family run but the older woman is so authentic and pleasant you feel like you are in a little bistro along the Seine
Went before a concert at Carnegie Hall
The place has been around for decades, (looks it), and serves typical classic French fare (Beef Bourguignon, etc) but they do it well, and its reasonably priced
If you want Balthazars, this isnt the place for you, but if you want a nice meal in a relaxed atmosphere in midtown, check it out
This is our favorite Chinese place
We order from there nearly every Friday night
Their hot-n-sour soup is the best I've ever had (and there's no meat in it) and the delivery is always fast
We have eaten at the restaurant before, but I would recommend take out
I have lived in NYC for 25 years and over the years I have tried dozens of Thai restaurants
This is certainly my favorite! The food has always been excellent and the service is the best
I have been a long time customer and the staff has always made me feel very welcome
Don't leave without trying the assorted appertizers and on that special occasion try the chocolate souffle
You will not be disappointed
I'am a frequent customer at this restaurant! They know me by face!! Excellent service, excellent fresh tasting food, and excellent drinks too! Very clean atmosphere including the restrooms!!! I started going to this restaurant several years ago with my boyfriend and now we have all of our friends going too, saying its the best Thai they have ever had!!! Quick service with food/appitizers
Weekends MUST make reservations, very crowded, but worth the wait
A couple can eat for way under $50 bucks! Large portions of food to share
Great for groups too
Very inexpensive!!!!
Walked into the restuarant accidently looking for a quick place to eat before a show on Tuesday Night
The service was very friendly and quick, the food was pretty good
Not the best Thai I've had, but no complaints
The dumplings stuffed with lobster were amazing! I really liked their apetizers! Pad thai was just OK! Maybe other plates are better
Prices are resonable
Clean, romantic surroundings
Food was fresh and great
Attentive service
My husband I went to SIAM Inn this month for a quiet dinner while in NYC, and our expereince was delightful on all accounts
The service was excellent, the food was delicious, and the atmosphere was great
We will recommend SIAM Inn to our friends traveling to NY
I came here with 2 of my friends on 8/3 for a birthday dinner and the staff was wonderful
They didn't bother us while we were waiting for one of my friends even though she showed up 45 minutes late
Once she came in, service was incredibly fast and high class at the same time
Prices are great too and the chefs make the best thai food of all thai restaurants I've eaten at
oh
and Cosmopolitans are to die for! Sat
nights get a reservation! It's packed!
I don't work close enough to this spot to ever sit and eat but my experiences with their take out food orders have always been good
A bit pricey for some items but i think worth the trip every time
well, what can i say about EL Deportivo
formerly known as Juanita's
i have been coming to this restaurant for many years
everyone is entitled to their opinions, but i do think that the food is great
at times it does have its off night but who doesn't
my favorite dish is the fried porkchops , yellow rice, bean, and tostones
i crave this food all week
their pina colada's are great as well as their other drinks
i hope this was helpful and if you do decide to go, hope you enjoy it
I have been to this restaurant many times and the food never fails to keep me coming back
As authentic puerto rican food as you will find in NYC
Service can sometimes be slow, and Friday and Saturday nights draw big crowds so arrive early!
I have lived and worked in the Times Square neighborhood for 10 years now and have previously ordered food from this mostly popular Puerto Rican restaurant
But I ordered tonight and the food was absolutely horrible
I ordered simple fare


baked chicken, yellow rice, red beans and maduros
The food was tasteless! Bland, bland, bland! The red beans had a pasty aftertaste, the yellow rice was dry, the chicken had no taste at all and the maduros were absolutely horrifyingly floating in tons of grease!! Maybe it was an off night


I don't know


but in my opinion a good popular restaurant such as this should NEVER have off nights
Tasty Puerto Rican food
The pork chops, fish and fried plantains were very authentic
The flan was as good as you'll find in the city!
The food is great here and so are the Pina Colodas!! If you are in the mood for good spanish food, you must eat here!
My husband and I had a good recommendation for high tea at the Plaza
I was disappointed with the service and food
First of all, there was only one hostess to sit you while the line wrapped around the restaurant
When we were finally sited, we had the Plaza high tea
Caviar was served plain on a doughy pita, proscuitto sandwich was very chewy, pastries were good but skimpy, and we havent seen our server until our check
After our experience at the Plaza, I wished we went to Peninsula for high tea
Are you in the mood to be transported? Courted, by a bygone era, wafted aloft by the spirits of true ladies and gentlemen? Was that Joan Fontaine I saw in the spring of 1990, sitting just four tables over? Did Raymond Burr just sit down, with Barbara Hale? And what year was that? The atmosphere can tingle when you least expect it, while you are being lulled with a suculant crab salad, and the lightest of white wines imaginable
When you reach to pick up a blueberry beignet, you are liable to glimpse Robert Vaughn or Sally Field enjoying a few moments of gratuitus anonymity
I totally pig out when I go to the brunch here
