It's known everywhere! I was shocked, because people just wanted to buy pizza to fly back home
I mean, that's got to say something about it, right? Not to mention, this is celebrity hide away
I was talking to the owner, and since he delivers so often to The David Letterman Show, he gets a lot of stars that come in wanting to eat his pizza
The other day, I ran into John Travolta eating pizza there
I over heard John telling one of the workers that he loves the pizza there
So, great food, tons of entertainment
What more can you ask for?
I have been to various cities and have always loved to go back to Manhattan and get some Rays! You can't go into Manhattan without getting some! I'm in Love with my Rays!
Having lived on the next block from Ray's of 8th Avenue, I can attest that of all the pizza restaurants in the neighborhood, Ray's was the best all-round for pizza and service
Try the individual pizza with multiple toppings
The pizza maker never missed an order, and the pizza was always delivered hot to 888 8th Avenue in no time
Top honors!
coming from texas and eating a bunch of pizzas ray's has what anyone could ask for
you go to ray's for a pie not for ambience
when i think of new york i think of ray's and so should everyone else
damn! i need a slice from ray's!
i'll be back soon!
keep the ready!
big_mike
sa tx
I always wonder who makes up the citysearch best of?!!! If only one person gives a review that is the basis to put it on the best pizza's of the city? Please editors give us a break! This place is average at best
To be honest, I've had better pizza from Domino's
The pie dough was chewy and thicker than it should've been
And overall, the pizza was way too salty
There are many other pizza places in New York that have far better pizza!
I dream about this pizza
It's so good, it melts in your mouth
I wish it stayed open a little later so I could have some on the way home from being out!
This place provides the same drab, flavorless slice of pizza you can get at any of a thousand other places in NYC
Yes, I understand that some of this is because it's New York Style pizza and not Chicago style
but still, there is nothing that differentiates this place from any of the other dozen pizza places within a block or so
By far this is the best pizza in NYC
After living around the corner from Sacco for the past 10 years, then moving to the upper westside- the only thing I miss from my old neighborhood is SACCO!!!!
The pizza is made of a secret family recipe from Sacco Italy
It's extremely flavorful with a crisp thin crust
VERY TASTY
Sacco's is located in the heart of Hell's Kitchen and many of the Irish Tough Guys raved about it over the decades
This place is no-nonsense, authentic New York City Pizzeria
The plain cheese pizza is exceptional
Thin crust, great sauce and just enough cheese
The staff can seem unfriendly, but they are just down to earth guys that work 8 hours a day next to a 500 degree oven
If you are daring, ask for pepporoni or sausage on your slice
In addition to top notch slices, Sacco's has good sausage rolls, calzones, and Gaucho pies
Don't come here looking for Eggplant and duck pizza
No fluff at this place
The neighborhood or the ambiance isn't upscale, so don't wear your Sunday best
sacco is definitely the best pizza by far, nice thin crust always cooked to perfection, this is what new york pizza is all about!!
My husband and I go to the city from CT at least once a month
Sometimes we stay over a night or two (or three or four) and other times we'll just go for the day
In the past year and a half, since stumbling upon this place, we have gone here every visit
The food is delicious and the service is incredible
Even if we go to the city to hang out downtown for a street fair or other event, we always go to Joe G's
We don't even call it by name anymore; we call it our restaurant and recommend it to everyone
While this small Italian restaurant-bar has some amazing dishes - the real charm is with the staff
When in midtown, you often get servers and bartenders who don't care about the average customer, but this group excels at customer service
On top of that, the food is absolutely delicious, and the atmosphere is a can't miss
Highly Recommended
Joe G's is the best! I stumbled into here with my girlfriend when she got her first paycheck at a job close by
we were planning on just having one beer and then going home but we ended up staying for hours that first night! We have been back many, many times since for weekday and friday night happy hours
The bar draws in many regulars who are all welcoming and friendly, as is the owner, Joe
The food is fantastic and is served by the friendliest of staffs
Joe G has the best individual pizzas around! The combos are delicious, the ingredients all fresh, and the crust is crispy
The best pizza place in Midtown!  I haven't eaten in the restaurant but if the rest of the food (pastas, etc) is half as good as the pizzas, you'll be in heaven!
Best Pizza on 57th street area - much better when you eat there!
do not get a cup of coffee here if you intend to study or read
you'll get harassed by passerbyers in the window
advice: get their good tasting iced coffee TO GO
my favorite coffee-shop on 9th
good espresso drinks, excellent pastries, nice left-of-center atmosphere
the furniture in back could stand to be a little less dilapidated, but the daytime staff are fast, efficient and always pleasant, and there's generally some kindof nostalgia trip going on with whatever radio station the dial has chanced upon


a great anti-Starbucks option
A good mix of gourmet coffee, basic diner approach, yummy pastries, and coffeehouse vibe
They've got a big TV for programming, and some (kinda ratty but OK) couch seating
Unpretentious, varied crowd keep the worst of yuppie Starbucks and 'Hipoisie' coffee society far from your mind
It's Peking Duck was delicious
In two weeks, we visited 3 times
Good to go with business friends too
Try it's shredded chicken with any kind of vegetable
Very Good!
My family is from Shanghai and this is by far the most authentic and the best quality Shanghai food around
The quality of the food is consistently good, and the service is excellent
This place features Chinese cuisine from the south east coastal region of China (the ZheJang province near Shanghai)
It features a pretty decent seafood selection on the menu, as well as various stir fries that is pretty well done
If you go in a large group, be sure to try a couple items from the chef's special section of the menu
I am not the Karaoke sort of person but I loved this place
My co-workers and I took our clients from Arizona here and they loved it! We reserved a private room and sang all night
The food was ok but the fun more than made up for it
If you're seeking a great Karaoke time head to Japas 55
You'll encounter good service and a clean establishment
Try and get there before 7:00 for 50% off
We had so much fun and can't wait to go back as soon as possible
I have gone to Japa's 55 many many times
The first few times a couple of years ago were awesome! But then it went downhill
The service isn't all that great, they get pissed if you're not drinking enough, even though you are paying a dollar a song to sing
After a few visits, you've pretty much sung all the songs you want to sing
They really need to expand their English song choices
The 38th st location is so much better
(They don't even have it listed on Citysearch) The service is better, more organized, and the place is 100 times bigger
