Amazing! The food is fabulous, service amazing, did i say food fabulous??? must go!! everything on the menu is delicous! plus, they cater too!
My boyfriend and I stumbled to this restuarant thinking it was Italian
We ate and are frequent visitors
Each time is great
Just dont eat the curry dishes
I personally dont prefer them though
I have taken friends and relatives
they all love it
=)
I cannot believe that it was as bad as everyone said here
We had to call the waiter over to take our order
They didn't clear the table for about 30 minutes after we finished eating
They never refilled our water glasses so we got up and got our own pitcher
The food was average
There are so many better places to go, actually never go here it was terrible
The food is barely adequate and overpriced for what you get
But the worst thing is that an employee dropped peanut sauce which splattered all over us (including our hair and clothes) and they did not even apologize or offer us a free dessert/drink
What a terrible experience and such rudeness, I would never go back
Ive eaten here over 6 times and each time I order something new its gets better
The spicy shrimp and squid is fabulous and definately get the spring rolls
The only that really needs work is the service which is sometimes ok, but at times horrible
While the decor is lovely and the food artfully presented, the prices are not in line with the quality nor portion size
The lunch box combos are a better value
Also, the scrowd is definitely that Upper East Side snottery, I so detest
Yes, the food is tasty - but there are better, cheaper places to go (Like Saigon Grill in the '80's) that may not look as pretty - but have way better grub!
No doubt, the best vietnamese food in tow, this upper east side popular locale is not dissapointing to any palate! The food is outstanding, quality is never poor, service with a smile, and definitely a good deal when the check comes! All dishes on the menu are exotic and delicious, the fish being my personal favorites!
While living on the upper east side, you get used to many good places, but this is a great spot to check out if you have not alreadty
Go with a group or on a date
either way, it is the perfect setting
The seabass is wonderful, and so are the soft shell crabs
You can order just about everything and it will be great
Indoor and outdoor dining are both a treat
while the very idea of a $10 bowl of Pho (after a lifetime of enjoying this ultimate expression of peasant cuisine) offends something deep in my spirit, I must admit to enjoying the food at Vermicelli very much- preparation is impeccable, the staff as well, and if perhaps the pricing reflects the cost of the decorating, it makes a pleasant change from my every-day diet
My boyfriend and I decided to eat and have some drinks at Blue Moon, which is right down the street from our apartment
I was very, very disatisfied
The drinks (Beers) were fine
Howerver the food was absolutly GROSS! The hard shells tacos were soggy, the meat was of poor quality and it was barely edible! I will never ever eat there again
You couldnt pay me to eat there! The staff was very, very nice though
As a a long time resident of yorkville, i have seen many changes
And seen many a business come and go over the years
The blue moon mexican cafe has always maintained a level of consistency for great food, very friendly service and a relaxed , comfortable atmosphere
So with the stanley cup playoffs underway and cinco de mayo around the corner, i couldn't think of a better place to be!
Fabulous food, friends, atmosphere!!! An asset to the NYC bar/rest
scene!!!
This is a must do on the upper east side
Great local watering hole and even better authentic mexican food
take out or at their place, the food is great
OK So Mexican Food is not my thing, must be that trip to Mexico City in the 80's
But the Blue Moon is still a terrific find
The bartenders are great and service is excellent, with a laugh or a sarcastic remark
just like home
My passion is hockey and this is the bar for hockey
The owner Carlos is a hospitible guy, but finds the time to talk with his guests and hang out on occasion with the regular crowd
Try the baked-barbequed Wings, they go nice with a Labatts and a Hockey game
Happened to be visiting the Big Apple Last Week and Popped in for a quick Bite, Little did I realize the Huge Portions the Combo Meal offers, the Beef Enchiladas were the best I might have ever had, and the staff was VERY Friendly and very cordial
I will go out of my way next time in im in the Big Apple
Thanks Blue Moon for a great dining experience
I WILL BE BACK
THE BLUE MOON IS MY FIRST AND ONLY CHOICE FOR A CASUAL MEET ,TO A BIRTHDAY BASH,, FINE FOOD EXCELLENT STAFF , THE BLUE MOON HAS IT ALL ! I FREQUENT THE BAR FOR SPORTS,AFTER WORK DRINK, AND SOCIAL COMMENTARY
A DIVERSE CROWD THAT WELCOMES ALL
RUMOR HAS IT , WILLIAM SHATNERS PIC IS THE SMOKEY BURRITO !
Loved the atmosphere and the food is terrific
great Margaritas and a great time had by all
I would highly recomend
Blue Moon is the bomb! A locally owned restaurant where the owner truly cares about the quality of the food and service and the experience of the patrons! A great Upper East Side location! The Blue Moon has great food, marvelous margaritas but most importantly, AMAZING chips and salsa!
A must-try restaurant! I have been dining at this Upper East Side staple for years
The food is authentic, fresh and delicious, and the margaritas are the best in the city
The ambiance (inside and at the outdoor caf) is inviting, cozy and fun
The entire staff is welcoming and warm, and they immediately make you feel as if you have known them for years
The service is top-notch
Make sure to ask for Carlos, Dave and Harvey
They will take great care of you!
Excellent service
Staff efficent, garcious, friendly and have great personalties
Carlos the owner will go out of his way to accommendate your requests
While plenty of mediocre bars and restaurants have come and gone in this neighborhood, The Blue Moon has held down the corner for as long as I can remember
Maybe it's the enormous portions
Maybe it's the margaritas
Maybe it's the staff
It's probably all three
Whatever it is, they're doing something right
And, by the way, if you see a bald guy with a goatee sitting at the bar, tell him he owes me money
Great neighborhood Mexican place
even a West Sider makes the trip cross town for this one
Relaxed atmosphere, cool decor (love the little blue lamps!) yummy food, and big portions that won't break the bank
I have been there with a group of friends for drinks and with family for dinner, including with young children, and it is VERY kid-friendly as well
also comfortable as a female sitting at the bar by myself to watch a game or unwind
I am adicted to the salsa and nachos ! Worth the trip
Food is fantastic and the staff is friendly
I highly recommend this neighborhood hang for a few drinks or a really great Mexican meal
Not only that, the music that they play is great
Not the Sex and the city clubby music that you hear in most other places
Enjoyable all around!
The Blue Moon is a fantastic place that has terrific Mexican food with an original taste
All the bartenders are great and so is the wait staff
They play all types of great rock music and there are plenty of TVs to watch all the games
If you're looking for a real NYC bar with a diverse NYC crowd, this is the spot !!!
My wife and I were recently in NYC on holdiays from Canada and dropped into the Blue Moon for a bite to eat and immediately felt at home
Since this was my first trip to NYC, I was a bit cautious on who I spoke with
The bar staff were congenial and looked like they were enjoying themselves as much as we did
