They are short staffed
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!! Toast wasnt toasted, tea was served without any teaspoons, after asking the waiter, I got one spoon and had to share it w my boyfriend as the staff didnt deem it necessary to bring a spoon for EACH person at the table)
Bottom line - after waiting around, and still feeling hungry - we went to our favorite diner 3 blocks up
Very good food! But
do not order the calamari!! Otherwise i would highly recommend it
Not the best food - but it has all the diner stand-bys
Open 24 hours - and cheap - which are both good
Good food, good service, great place late at night
This place appears to be a family run joint that offers a little bit of everything
I recommend it to anyone living in the area
The Scene Bella Blu is the sort of casual place where you can be comfortable reading the New York Observer or striking up a conversation with a nice-looking stranger
The crowd is made up mostly of Upper East Side locals, and the room is almost always boisterous
The Food The Italian food is worth travelling for
Crisp, thin-crusted, wood-oven pizzas are a good place to start
From there, try warm lobster salad with potatoes and haricots verts
Chestnut pasta with wild boar smells and tastes comforting; and sweetbread ravioli (chopped up with veal) is divine
the food is very creative,interesting,taste,delicious,the chef is really good who gives the best taste from the northern of Italy
the service and the ambient is ultra modern and very friendly
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average
If the price was 100 dollars for 2, I would receommend the place
Too many great places that are cheaper and better then this place, I would avoid
Bella Blu has delicous Italain cuisine and excellent specials to complement the menu
The wine list is solid as well -- and not excessively priced
All-in-all, it is a wonderful neighborhood restuarant with consistently good food
Bad food, poor service and secret additional costs add up to an experience that will leave a bad taste in your mouth and your wallet
If this is your kind of thing enjoy! If not go elsewhere
I've been three times in the past six months
Always a great time with excellent food and great service
At times it will get crowded, but we're not living in NYC for the quiet
They always have great specials and a lively atmosphere
Regarless of whether it is a group or just two, Bella Blu will not dissapoint
it's definitely a place to try! It's got a different, funky look and the food is terrific! After an excellent frisee and endive salad, we had the orichiette with brocoli rabe and sausage; great! And, something called casoncelli, a veal and raisin-stuffed ravioli-type pasta with prosciutto slices, absolutely fabulous! With a glass of barolo and dessert, it was $100 but, definitely worth it for Italian with a difference! Our waiter was friendly and professional, too
All in, a wonderful experience!
Food was great at this restaurant! but seems like a lot of reviewers had complaints in pricing
yes it could be expensive
service and price may not be not so great, but food was great! if u are in the neighborhood, doesn't hurt trying for the sake of FOOD
but i understand that service could be not so good
Food/fine
Service/friendly/good
Atmosphere/very good
Now
cost!! At the bar, I asked for a 'Cab' , a mixed drink
and a glass of Italian red the bartender reccomended
Bill - $35
00!! If a glass of wine is going to cost $14/$13 respectively, it should be mentioned ahead of time! Dinner
the pizza/delicious
Pasta dishes on the menu range around $18
00
I get my bill
$35
00 for my pasta special!!!!!!! Again, when mentioning the daily specials, price should be mentioned if it is double the price of the average dish!! Three drinks, a soda, pizza and pasta = $100
00
Two food items and the bill was $100
00! The restaurant is nice, but please don't start your review by saying it won't break the bank
Imagine if we had salads and wine with dinner
Probably $200
00 for simple italian food
For that, I can go to some of the best Italian restaurants in the city!
ok i am one of the only people in the world that really doesnt like pizza - this place has the best frigin pizza i have ever had! its small and intimate and great for a date
i went with others and we all shared food - everyones dish was different and amazing - prices are totally reasonable especially for what you get
i liked the vibe as well- very warm
I really loved this restaurant
Great pulse, excellent food and selection, and would like to know from others who frequent NYC restaurants if they could suggest others like Bella Blu
The only negative was perhaps from indifferent waiters and service could have been a bit better
But the food and ambiance made up for that
My wife and I were in the city for the weekend on a job interview
We went out for a walk to find something to eat and we came across this nice little italian place
The meal at Bella Blu could have been the deciding factor in my decision to want to move to New York City
We both had the ravioli with the butter and sage sauce and it was one of the most fascinating tastes i have ever put in my mouth
I personally think it was the best meal i have ever had in my life
The service was great
the atmosphere was great and my wife loved the sorbet
If you live nearby or are ever in the neighborhood do not fail to go to Dresner's
I've never been even a little disappointed in the several times I've been there
The Romanian skirt steak is fantastic, as are the clams in red sauce
My wife and I have always been delighted with everything we've ever ordered here
Go!
I adore this place
My fiance and I go at least once a month -- the staff is wonderful, and the Romanian skirt steak is NOT TO BE MISSED! It is in the top 10 steaks in the city
My husband was so happy when we found this place
The service is terrific and the food is good
The perfect restaurant for a casual meal!
In Short This branch of a trendy Thai restaurant group is one of a handful in town offering cheap eats in a sleek setting
Popular with a young and hungry crowd, inexpensive curries come in all colors and heats with a choice of chicken, beef, tofu, shrimp or veggies
Other house specialties include whole grilled fish with tamarind sauce and crispy duck with mushroom and pineapple
I called after the food did not show an hour after I ordered it and they said it just left and would arrive in 10 minutes
It arrived thirty minutes later and I sent it back because I had already ordered from someplace else
It should not take 30 minutes to go two blocks! We tried to speak with the manager but were instead put on hold until we gave up
They might have good food but I do not even care to try based on the poor service
The food was excellant, the price nice and overall a great place to spend an evening
The service was not the greatest but nothing to complain about
I live 3 blocks from this place
was seated at 8:15, my food didn't show until 9:10! The table next to us was empty, then filled (by 8:30) and they received their drinks food and were leaving when we got our entree! Then the Manager had the gall to argue with us about their crappy service
#1 rule of service-the customer is always right
Don't go there!
I've dined here quite a few times and I really like the atmosphere, plus dinner and drink prices are very affordable
I recommend sake bombs to drink and any curry dish
We love this place!I've never ordered anything I didn't like, and we've been here at least 12 times
The food is inexpensive and tasty
The service is always good
