We had 11 people the staff was friendly, the food was excellent, and they gave us a room upstairs away from the crowd and noise, with the radio tuned to whatever we wanted
And most of all we were comfortable
Beside the fact that there was one food slip up, this resturant was GREAT!!!
The food at Pescetore had the potential to be great, but only made it to pretty good
First, my appetizer of fresh mozzarella, tomato and peppers was fresh in the sense that was not polly-o
It may have been fresh three or four days ago, but what I had was hard and bland
Either get a new supplier, or stop serving old fresh mozzarella
The catfish special was perfectly cooked, but brutally over-seasoned
When you have a great piece of fish (as they had), subtle seasoning is all that is required (and desired)
I actually experienced physical pain while eating, there was so much pepper on the fish
Decor was nice, quiet music in the background, and the staff was friendly and attentive
Pescetore could definitely be a great with the right chef (or properly instructed cooks)
For now, it stays in the list of could have beens
what an unbelievably yummy and fantastic place to go
this is truly a neighbood secret slowly being let out of the bag
this swimmingly fab food goes so well with the tremendous wine list offered
the sleek surroundings and casual atmosphere allow for romance or a fun group setting
what an enjoyable array of paintings and photos placed so uniquely on the walls
but, the staff has to be the ultimate draw to this fine establishment
the waiters always know what to deliver and the best things to recommend!! another place that belongs in heaven!!
The food and decor was excellent
If you are looking for a nice small restuarant, with great service and excellent food, look no further
My girlfriend and I had a great time
The black linguine was so good
But really the best part of the meal was the delicious homemade tiramisu
The food was good here and the service was excellent!The waiter gave excellent service he was very attentive to our every needs during dinner and extreamly polite
(something I am truely picky on
) The bill was very reasonably priced considering in new york city standards and I would definatly go back there again! The only con was that the place was too noisy and parking around that area sucks
This place was packed, so reservations ahead of time are a must! With Reservations, our party waited 25 minutes for a table
The menu provided a vast selection, and the appetizers themselves were large portions and delicious
The entree is a heavenly delight for seafood lovers--so much to choose from, this is deserving of additional visits
I regret we didn't have room for dessert
The only mildly negative is in regard to the service--it's so busy, you'll definitely need to flag down the wait staff; rarely will be come over and ask you about the food
Rest
lost our reservation
It was a Saturday night
What's a party of 8 to do? Not to worry
The host found a table for us, and a great waiter
Food was wonderful
This place was great: the food was delicious (especially the desserts --the cheesecake was amazing), the waiters were really friendly and nice
I don't think you can go wrong with this place - whether you're on a date or with a group of friends
A very good option for a nice dinner in a comfortable setting
The menu is quite varied, with fish, meat, and pasta entries
The specials are always good
As the specialty is fish, most of their fish dishes are fantastic
Great date restaurant, if a bit on the noisy side
I thought everyone was very friendly but felt rushed
Food was good but no timing between coarses
I work in the Food and beverage industry and I can tell my fish sat in the window while I finished my salad
Overall was a good experience
wouldn't recommend for relax dining
good for dinner before going out on the town
Waitstaff very friendly
I was here a couple of weeks ago with a party of eight
We were seated in the upstairs room right away
The food was delicious! The wine was just right and the service was attentive but not in your face
Everybody walked away from dinner very happy
The best part was that we didn't have to break the bank to have such a great meal
I highly recommend Pescatore to anyone
Whether you are a dining snob or just looking for a great dinner you will like Pescatore
i threw a birthday dinner for my roommate here and it turned out to be a great success
we had about 20 people and we were seated right away
the staff was very courteous and delightful
we were seated in an upstairs room which was very private and cozy, providing an intimate environment which is hard to find for such a large group outing
the food was excellent! the prices were even more excellent
i had the black linguine with rock shrimp, lobster meat, prosciutto and fresh plum tomatoes
it was oh so delicious! this restaurant is a keeper!
Initially I was skeptical as I had never relied on internet reviews for a restuarant , but the reviews were well deserved
The Presentation of the food was not only Fantastic, but the Food, from the appetizers(I'd recommend the Seafood Purse) to the entrees and desert, was also scrumptous! I would highly recommend this restaurant for small or large parties(3-4)
This is my new favorite restaurant
It's been more than a year since I first visited Pescatore, but the food and service is constant
When it's warmer, I take balcony seats upstairs
One of the best steamed mussles in town
second time in about two weeks that i've been there and this place is slowly becoming a favorite for me
Fish specials are good, chicken fettucine is excellent
service could have been a little better but all in all great food and great value
menu has a good selection of italian and seafood
nice comfortable dining atmosphere
Food was amazing! Service was so nice and prompt
Got a table right away
Recommend to everyone!
Excellent choice for a special occassion! I had a surprise evening planned for my wife on our 15th wedding anniversary (a new ring)
I called and spoke with Bret (Mgr) a few days before our arrival in New York
He was absolutely in tune with my surprise and what I was trying to accomplish! He was extremely helpful and told me that everyone would be ready! He was right! Our waiter Carlos had been made aware of the event and was discretly playing along
The surprise desert (ring) was a huge hit! Thanks Carlos and thanks to Charles (Mgr) and all of the staff! The food, service and the staff's knowledge of the surprise helped me to pull off a perfect evening and a perfect memory! Thanks Pescatore!! I'll be back
Tops with everything!! The service here is outstanding!! Extremely courteous and accomadating staff! The pizza is a must! Linguini nere is filled with flavor
Other great dishes were the Salmon and the chicken paillard! Everyone loved the meal!! If you like your sweets the chocolate mud cake was outstanding! The food, the service and lets not forget the candle lit surroundings were ALL A HIT!!!!!!
I would agree with the others, it was terrible food
The only good thing was that they serve wontons with duck sauce which I love
I would never go back
I have eaten here three times
Bad, bad, bad
I keep hoping that they will get better but they do not
Actually, Panda has got worse each time
Two out of three times, I have gotten pieces of pork/beef in my vegetarian entrees
Not enough that you couldn't pick it out, but who orders a veggie entree to have to pick out the meat! It demonstrates carelessness in their food preparation
The last time I ordered from them there was meat in my veggie entree, and they would not replace the order (because I had eaten almost half of it before I got to the meat part)
That settled it and I have no need to go back to Panda
Also, the staff is rude and unbelievably impolite
I cannot believe that they have remained in business with the way that I have heard the staff speak to customers
