you wouldn't expect a place like this uptown
decor is horrible, but that's part of the charm
When the bars close this is THE place to satisfy the munchies, especially when you've already spent all your cash! The classic hotdog
yum yum yum!!
Holy crap! I wasn't sure what to expect, but man, this is a no hold's bar, hurry up and get your dog, kind of place
I love it! You know it is all fresh and yummy, because people are always in there
If you are ever in Seattle, Dick's is the hambuger place that could be Gray's cousin
Nothing beats a Grays papaya Hot dog!! It's cheap and delicious
It's a great place to grab a fast eat after a long night of clubbing
After hitting the bars, whats better then getting 2 hot dogs and a drink for under $3
00!! The are always fast and the dogs always hit the spot!!!
Love this place great toppings too
friendly people and the Papaya Drinks are good too
Becky from LA try Pinks Hot Dogs on La Brea and Melrose not Grays but very good dogs!!!
Despite the hole-in-the-wall appearance, Gray's Papaya is undoubtedly one of the best local eateries in NYC
It is conveniently located across the street from the 72nd Street stop on the 1 train
The hot dogs were delicious, made to order, and steaming hot off the grill
The buns were lightly toasted, a perfect complement to the franks
It's cheap, it's delicious, and you can have a meal of two dogs and a drink for under $5
They should open one up in Los Angeles!
I don't know what it is, maybe the water and the  City dirt, but Gray's Papaya has the best hot dogs in the world
They snap back at you, and you can stay all day just eating them and drinking the papaya pineapple, grape, adn pina coladas all day
They've got great food! Two hot dogs and a drink for $2-$3
You can't go wrong for a quick bite
I'm not a big hot dog fan but they were delicious!
Thsi si a great place for the budget minded traveler you can get a quick meal for under $5
It is loud and obnoxious (just like NY) I f you enjoy grilled hot dogs, you will love this place
I like this spot simply because you don't need much money to grab a bite
It is quick and right near the train station
Not to mention the best hot dogs ever!!!
You can't beat this bargain anywhere in New York
I've never felt anything but satisfied after eating their dogs
Two dogs and an adequately sized drink for two dollars
In this town, you really can't go wrong with that
who are these people that hype up gray's papaya? there food is sub par
you really should check those buns and dogs before you eat them
:O=
You've got to be kidding
For a fast bite for a broke bloke okay but good food Fuggedaboutit
Gray's Papaya continues to call to me all the way out in Flushing
It's a great $5 date - make sure you grab a nearby stoop to enjoy hot dogs, papaya juice, and people watching
It's one of the best things about home
Not exactly a dining experience, but what more could you ask for $1? I love their pina coladas too
You can't beat the two dogs and a drink special
Cheapest and Best Tasting hot dog in the City
The Fruit drinks are unique and taste great
When your hungry and your in a hurry
This is the best place to go!!! No Doubt
Banana Daquiri is the best
the best hotdogs ever for under a buck! Don't expect a romantic environment, it's fast food, and these guys are FAST!
delicious, a nyc classic, root beer and a hot dog w/ pushcart onions - can't beat it
No seats, Not clean, confused staff
and simply the best hot dogs anywhere
Two words: Recession Special!
Gray's Papaya has been around forever
Why? Because it's good, and unusually cheap (in price, not food that is)
Get a Recession special (which has been raised to $2
45 from $1
99) w/ the Banana Daquiri, it comes with two hot dogs
Now that's not bad at all
And the hot dogs are excellent, some of the best I've ever had
It's a West Side phenomenon that you shouldn't miss
How can you beat Grey's recession special ?Two yummy all beef hot dogs and a papaya juice for under three bucks! Plus the folks that work there are down right nice people, friendly and fast
They are a true institution of the fashionable Upper West Side, and a great example of the type of folks you can come across when you're lucky enough to be in the company of a true New Yorker!
Gray's Papaya is the absolute munch for your money
My favorite is the original combo which includes a mouthwatering grilled hot dog, tangy and all natural cup of papaya juice and those dang-on zesty cajun curly fries
I am one of the pickiest eaters but I can tell you Papaya King is great
luckily for me, gray's papaya sits only a couple blocks from my apartment
and doubly lucky for me that one can pick up a couple dogs and a drink for about 2 bucks
the dogs are tasty, cheap and probably really bad for you, but who cares?
Best hot dogs in town
and cheap!!! Can't just eat one tho
so be prepared
Usually need to stand outside to eat but that is what eating a NYC hot dog is all about!!!
At times, there is a line for these hot dogs that is unbelievale, but th eetruth is, it is worth the wait! The hot dogs are great, the buns are warm and the drinks are tropical (and tasty)
The recession special and the comic specialized notes outside this corner much-better-than-the-average-fast-food place make up slightly for the lack of decor
You get a great deal for your money
Highly recommended
However, if you don't like hot dogs, it should be noted, they serve no other food
Cheap, Delicious and Plenty of 'em
Gray's is the best place for a quick fix on a late Fridau night or early Sat morning
If you've never been there, you aren't from New York
great for that quick snack to hold you off until dinner if you are shopping in that area
The workers there get people in and out fast
Count how many hotdogs are cooking at once before you get to the front
The best place you could go for a quick eat
very inexpensive
some places charge a fortune for hot dogs
You could easily eat here and be filled up for $5
say: 2 hot dogs, fries, and 'oooh' one of those tasty pina-coladas
mmm-mmm-good
this makes me question whether new yorkers have tastebuds
OK its dirt cheap, but the smell wafting out of this place is enough to make me cross the street
Thin dogs, overworked staff, sprinking sweat on top as relish
Yum
there has got to be something better than this??
The Best! Where can you go for such good hot dogs and drinks and not spend a fortune
You feel satified and it soooo good
Whoa
do not go here
