I believe because I was a single woman and a tourist - I was seated by the servers station/kitchen door
I knew this place was pricey so I just ordered a bowl of french onion soup, a piece of unmemorable pie, and a cup of tea
They forgot the tea, so I guess they think because I was a tourist that't why I left no tip
Oh well, I guess they don't need my money, or my return business
The soup was good, but not worth the money
I went to Tavern on the Green last night with a bunch of friends from work- the atmosphere was great! They had a great dj spinning in the garden
Cocktails afterwork couldnt have been any better than this!
It's Christmas, and snowing! You step out of the Plaza, Pierre, Stanhope, or Algonquin hotels, fresh from a hot bath, dressed in your warmest clothing, and into the horse-drawn carriage the concierge ordered
Of course, you have your sweetheart on your arm, and you snuggle and cuddle, for warmth, and
You tell the driver to take you through Central Park, to the Tavern on the Green
Do you remember the restaurant in Dr
Zhivago? Where Laura shot the Rod Steiger character? That's where you have been miraculously transported
And the food and service match the total picture
Went to Tavern for the outdoor garden events with a bunch of friends
So much fun! There was enoguh to please everyone there - great drink list, great munchies and awesome atmosphere
Tavern was a great place to just relax
I want to go to TAVERN ON THE GREEN! is something that a guy from upstate NY might say his first time in NYC
But, actually living here, I can think of ten better restaurants that provide better service and a better value
If this restaurant is successful, it is due to past reputation rather than current conditions there
My husband took me to dinner there before a Broadway show last Thursday evening
It was the most marvelous evening I have ever had! The Tavern is gorgeous and really my kind of place
Perfect for lovers as well as families
Maybe when we come back we will have a little one with us
Such a romantic atmosphere and impeccable food and service
The wait staff was the best I have ever witnessed
Thanks!
It was raining that evening and the water cascading down the windows in The Crystal Room added to the beautiful ambiance of the room
Service was great
very pleased with the food as well
Thank you again for a delightful evening
My girl friends and I were at Tavern last weekend for dinner
We sat outside and I can't say enough how wonderful a time we had! We will definately return again
One of my friends had the rigatoni appetizer
the best sauce in the world!  One of the dining rooms also had a paino player
We could hear it from our seats in the garden
A marvelous touch to a fantastic evening!
Inattentive service, mediocre food, and sky high prices
My wife sent back her cold soup
Guess what?, came back cold again
Water glasses not filled and generally a care less attitude
Sunday brunch menu was limited and expensive
$18
00 for bacon and eggs
Crowed with tourist
Visited Tavern on the first day of the Spring Menus
Very impressed! The restaurant was packed for lunch, but that did not negatively affect my experience there
The wait staff was very attentive and courteous
We sat in the Crystal Room and watched the decoration process to the Tavern Gardens begin
Very impressive! I cant wait to go back when the outdoor gardens are in full effect!
What more can I say but we had a great time! So happy we got to sit in Crystal Room
The whole place is beautiful!  We had a great Brunch --lamb shank and polenta was amazingly wonderful as was lobster bisque
My husand loved his fresh greek salad and Roasted Chicken dish, but I was a bit disappointed only by the lackluster Caesar salad
Good Dining Room service
Our waiter was particularly personable and friendly
The Hostess at lobby door was welcoming
One small flaw: had a hard time getting a refill on coffee
All in all, we will certainly come back another time
Lovely experience
I WOULD JUST LIKE TO SAY WHAT A WONDERFUL TIME MY WIFE AND I HAD AT tAVERN ON THE GREEN
IT WAS HER 33TH BIRTHDAY
WINDOW SEAT
CHOCOLATE MOUSE CAKE
THE FOOD WE SELECTED WAS ABSOLUTLEY DELICIOUS TOO
I WISH WE COULD HAVE STAYED LONGER
TAVERN'S STAFF WAS FRIENDLY AND PROFESSIONAL
I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
I don't understand all the negative reviews
My mother, sister and I were looking for a place to have Sunday brunch, called TOG at 1:45 got a reservation for 2:30, arrived at 2:00, seated at 2:15! The restaurant is beautiful and so is the outside garden
The place is an attraction all by itself
Got a window seat, waiters took our orders without delay and each of our dishes were DELICIOUS! Food was great in my opinion
Staff was hospitable, my mother ordered a small portion, they brought her a large portion yet they were glad to only charge her for what the small
The food took a little while to come out but that is my only complaint
Prices in my opinion reasonable for the portions
Go on a Sunday I suppose!
We went here during restaurant week
Service was poor - it took 20 minutes to get our drinks
Food was unremarkable
Decor reminded me of an elderly couple's living room complete wiht lots of fake plants, although the outside of the restaurant is nice
First, quick comment: if you are a regular person, not a celebrity nor very rich you will be treated like second (or third) class, even though you pay like everyone else, leave nice tip, etc
--- We ordered tea after dinner there
The waiter brought lipton tea bags (the ones you can buy at any supermarket)! And that is for $4 a cup
Average restaurant in NYC will have food that will not be worse then here and selection of teas is often offered in many lower class restaurants
Service -- disgusting
You can see how waiters are running around big tables w/ cool people and ignore people who don't appear to be from high class
I wanted to suggest this place for a wedding to my (rich) friend, but no more
Will never suggest it to anyone
Went to Tavern last weekend for a wedding
Heard mixed reports from friend but am delighted to say that Tavern on the Green by far exceeded my expectations! The dining rooms were beautiful, the sophisticated fare was delightful
I picked up a postcard advertising their Mother's Day event- I think this would be a perfect setting for such an occasion!
this place is a joke
Service was insanely bad, waiter spilled water all over my plate when refilling the glass, didn't even apologize
Staff was curt and we felt rushed through the ordering
We wanted to order a couple more things, but they didn't want to bother taking our order, so we didn't press it
Food was ok, but overpriced for what they offer
The decor was tacky and reminded me of House on the Rock in Wisconsin, if anybody's been there
Go elsewhere and feel good about not wasting your money on rude staff
It was infuriating
I had one of the best dining experience at Tavern on the Green
My girlfriend and I were there recently for dinner
The dining rooms are opulent and beautiful; Great waiter who brought out a special birthday desert for my date after asking if our dinner was a special occasion
