Finally checked it out one night and LOVED IT! Their cornbread is OH SO GOOOD! The chicken is the bomb, as are the ribs
Haven't gotten around to trying anything else yet cuz I'm always craving for the chicken and ribs! Everytime i'm in NYC (which has been alot lately thanks to BBQs) I eat there
And at the 72nd st
one, you have Strawberry Fields about half a block away
Good place to go and sit afterwards to let the food settle!
Big servings, big beers, big waitresses, big on taste,but little checks come to the table
What's not to love?
IM GOING BACK TO NYC IN A MONTH, I AM SALAVATING AT THE THOUGHT OFGOING BACK TO DALLAS, X-LENT EVERYTHING BIG PORTIONS, SMALL PRICE, COOL ENVIORMENT, AWESOME STAFF!!!
Great bbq ribs, chicken, corn bread, and giant drinks! No need for dessert! Great value too
This place is an excellent place that serves the best BBQ in NYC
It is not anexpensive place at all, serves in Dallas size of anythings you may want to drink, and the service is very quick
The one in Times Square is the best and after that, you can chill out and enjoy Times Square- the heart of NYC!
Great food, nicely sized portions, huge drinks! I love this place
I always hit up this place when Im in the city
Happy Hour is awesome! I definitely recommend this place!
Killer Drinks
Amazing wings, ribs, cornbread, coleslaw, roasted chicken, and burgers
I have yet to order something on the menu I haven't enjoyed
There is no place else in the city that you can walk out this satisfied without emptying your wallet
PS - You can get a whole roasted chicken for $4
99 if you do takeout or delivery!
We were staying around the corner from this little coffee house, we stopped by one morning and found a great cup of coffee and a great cheap breakfast sandwich
Their oatmeal cookies are No
1 in the world
The service is ok but u are getting what you pay for - great value for the food
I've been going to this cafe since it opened
The food is excellent, there's an awesome variety
However, the people behind the counter are another story
Major attitude, very impolite! I went in for tea a danish and it was an issue
Again, the food is great, however, I pay more for the food not the attitude
Everything you could possibly want in a cafe - fresh, fresh food, an inventive menu, great coffee, both light and indulgent offerings (try the blackout cookie - worth the calories) at fair prices
Columbus Bakery is great for breakfast (if oatmeal can be made fabulous, they've done it!), lunch or dinner (they serve wine in the evenings)
The owners clearly care about quality and everything is managed to maximize it, and service is generally great
A great meeting place
I live nearby and go there several times a week
If you haven't been, do try it
(just don't take my table!)
Imagine
crisp fall day, the best chocolate croissant or bruchette this side of the Seine, hot tasty coffee and a stroll through the leaf-crunched park in November
Ah, enlightenment! I can't imagine the UWS without its most indulgent establishment
This is a great place for any time of the day
Great coffee, great food, great desert
Interesting and wonderful breakfast
It is consistently delicious
This place is fantastic
All their products are homemade and they offer such a wide range of flavors and options: yogurt, smoothies, nonfat, kosher, no sugar added, sorbet, and even soft serve
They even have a rice-krispy treat dipped cone and Low Carb flavors sweetened with Splenda (the caramel pecan is delicious!)
That Famous soup man who used to be on W55th street - where crowds of people would line up just to place an order
Long lines here - even when it's cold out
Well worth the calories! Some of the best and most creative chocolate flavors ever
Make sure you ask for samples of other flavors - just to be sure you aren't missing out
This place is a winner
There are some really fantastic eateries in this area!
This is some of the best ice cream ever
I just happened by one afternoon and decided to try it
It was so great I went back the next night
Highly recommended
The best ice cream ever
I don't care about the fat
their low fat ice cream is better than anyone else's high fat stuff
I go a couple times a week for pure heaven
This pizza was very disappointing
I've had more fabulous tasting pizza in the suburbs! Famous Original Ray's must be pretty bland if NJ CT are making better tasting pizza! So what if this pieces are large - if the sauce and cheese are bland - you are just getting more bland for your buck
I had to season it to the max with garlic, red pepper and salt - and even that didn't help much
This is my 2nd experience at a Famous Original Rays - at a different location and it will be my last
Nothing special, this pizza isn't worth the calories
Great Pizza , Huge Slices , Great sauce! What more can you ask for in a pizza place
Bland, flavorless, overcooked in some spots, undercooked in others
Just awful
This is Chicago style pizza at it worst
Don't go there expecting a quiet evening either
It's noisey and crowded
But why?
In Short The home of New York's most famous bagel is an unassuming corner spot on the Upper West Side, where, due to high turnover, bagels are invariably sold hot from the oven
They have a pleasant spongy interior, good density and a sweet flavor that people either find just right or a bit too cloying
Service is take-out only; you can buy your bagels, cream cheese and lox here, but you'll have to make your own sandwich
I know HH is a sacred New York institution, but c'mon
A dollar for a hard-baked piece of bread? And I hate that you have to buy cream cheese separately out of the fridge case
To me, bagels should be chewy with a bubbly outer shell and an airy inside
HH are more like rocks
Oy, you can still get a decent bagel at HH
Plus, you won't find any hint of the bubble gum that Kramer threw into the bagel dough many years ago
Although the locations are as central as I want them to, H H bagels are far the best and consistent bagels I have ever tasted
Even if you forget to buy creamcheese, the bagel itself is not dry and as tasteful with or without anything on them
I love the way it is crusty outside and oh so soft inside
Don't knock it till you try it
The bagels here are so good that to put cream cheese on them would be an injustice
Ask what is hot and you will be in for a treat
All of the flavors we tried (regular, poppy, sesame, and cinnamon raisin) were excellent
No place to sit down here and aside from canned and bottled drinks, and a few toppings that's all they serve
But that is more than enough!
After watching You've Got Mail came here to try their bagels
I was not disappointed, they were very fresh, even hot
If you want your own cream cheese you have to buy some, they do not put any toppings on themselves
Do not expect seating, it is simply buy and take
As far as bagels go, this is a good one to try for a good, fresh bagel
HH has been relying on it's best bagel n NYC reputation for a long time
Long lines, high pressure decision-making at the counter, high prices, and their willingness to sell even misshapen, over/undercooked bagels have diminished the quality of the HH experience
And, it often costs a quarter just to leave the store!
These bagels are simply the BEST in the city!! A bit on the pricy side at 90c/bagel but worth every penny
