Although the food was not terrible, with the long lines and high prices, one would expect delicious dishes as I did
Alas! How I was disappointed
I've had better omelettes at greasy diners
And the Caesar's Salad - I don't know what it was but it definitely was not Caesar's Salad
MY ADVICE: If all you are having is omelettes, go to the grocers, get your own ingredients and make your own
It will be a lot cheaper, more satisfying and will last you a long time
Unless you manage to burn your food, it won't be much less tasty than at Sarabeth's
A group of friends went to Sarabeths' for breakfast after a Sunday horseback ride in Central Park several years ago
It was a marvelous experience and perfectly suited to out-of-towns guests from Australia
They loved it as well
Glad to see that the ratings are still holding up on your top ten breakfasts restaurants
Well deserved!
Sarabeth's West is a divine Restaurant on the Upper West Side
Our group brunch was exceptional
we had the potato pancake, french toast, chicken sausages, and other marvelous creations before taking in HAIRSPRAY on Broadway this past Saturday
Sarabeth's Restaurant is the perfect accompaniment to the current star of Broadway! And that cup of coffee was totally European, and enjpoyed by all
WOW! This is NYC's finest!
The food is hearty in spite of the thin customers, it's homey food, with a special touch
The food is great-try the Goldilox Eggs and the English Muffins with homemade jams-yummy!
I recently ate at Rain and had an amazing night! From the service, our waiter, who was soo helpful in guiding us thru the menu
to the atmosphere, which catered to our birthday party fantastically (super cocktails!)
our group was more than satisfied!! If we have an event in the future were coming here!! Get the Crispy Whole Fish
my my my!!
Long before this new wave of Thai restaurants started opening, there was Rain!! I've tried these newer downtown restaurants and they were fine
I prefer to go to Rain
It's such a reliably delicious and enjoyable option
The staff is so friendly, too! Today, it isn't easy between the casual dining a la 'small plates' and fancier more formal restaurants
At Rain you can have a great meal without going broke or hungry for that matter
Congratulations to Rain on it's 10 Year Anniversary!!!
I signed up for CitySearch just to write a review about this restaurant
I do not recommend this place at all, you're better off geting Thai Food in Chinatown for a better price and better food
I don't know what's all the rave about this place
The portions were extremely SMALL for the price you're paying for these dishes
We had reservations for a party of 13
It took an hour for us to get seated, an hour to get appetizers and an hour to get our entrees! I wish we went for pizza instead
I was skeptical about this place when I made the reservation because of the mixed reviews
But my friends and I really wanted Thai food, so we gave it a shot
We were all pleasantly surprised
My friends, coming from Long Island, were running late
The maitre d' said it wasn't a problem and sat us almost immediately when they got there, even though it was close to 1/2 hr later than our original reservation, on a saturday night, at 8pm
The service was great, our waitress was very attentive
The atmosphere was warm and lively
The food was just what we were looking for
I had the cracked lobster, it was great! And the coat check was a plus
I would definitly go back
Lighted with a warm, intimate gold and always full to the brim with people enjoying their dinner, Rain is a pretty relaxed, fun place to find yourself on a Friday evening in the UWS
The cocktails are pretty awesome and will soon have you floating off into the atmosphere and if that doesn't float your boat - try the cracked lobster - for a true out of body experience
The flavors will just melt in your mouth while the succulent lobster disappears of your plate, one delectable morsel at a time
(They used to serve these prawn wafers at the east side location which I wish they would bring back - they were SO good!) The service doesn't really stick in your craw, but is also nothing to write home about - pretty average I would say!
I signed up for City Search solely to write this review of Rain - we went recently on a friend's reccomendation and had to wait over 45 minutes past our reservation time
We found the host staff to be quite incompetent and generally clueless
The food was average - not nearly as exciting as promised
Fun drinks, but the somewhat spacy wait staff made it difficult to get a 2nd drink
Wouldn't reccomend making the trek up to the UWS for this one - especially not for the scene
I had made reservations for an upscale Pan-Asian restaurant in the city, but decided to forgo and dropin at Rain West
Not only did I not have a reservation, I was seated immediately (with a full house) and given complementary drinks! However, after being at this restaurant, I would make reservations
The host and waiter were extremely cordial and helpful with the food selection
The food is incredible, plentifull, and I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to get together with friends, family or even a date (as in my case)
This is a diamond of a restaurant without the crazy prices of NYC, believe it or not!
A holiday weekend out visiting from the Hamptons
Loved Rain!! Busy, fun, good drinks, great food!!!!
The ambinance was very superficial
The front of the restaurant was decorated so people would be lured in
But the rest restaurant was nothing interesting
The stairway down to the restroom was bare walls and flouresant lighting
The food came out way too fast
The busboy dropped the food hard on the table and walked away real quick
The rice was clumpy and the sea food was way too salty and MSG saturated
All while the radio was playing cheesy American music
This is just another chain restaurant
I ate here a few months ago and came back and forgot how great the food was! The apps and entrees were very tasty
The ambience was warm and the service was superb! Definitely coming back for more Rain!
My husband and I sat at the bar for a few drinks and agreed that the bartender was quite possible the most rude we had ever encountered
After two drinks we decided we didn't need to pay someone to treat us badly, and left
Didn't bother to stay for dinner
After visiting Rain on the eastside, I decided to take my family out to the UpperWestSide location
Bad move
While the hostess was helpful, the service was TERRIBLE
Other than taking our order, they never once came back to us
EVERY time we wanted something (food, drinks, bill), we had to flag a busboy down
Eventually they would then grab a different waiter, all of whom looked pissy, was extremely rude and acted as if they didn't want to be there
I was so upset I wrote a note to the Hostess, I am never going back to Rain
The food wasn't even great
Tao is much, much better
Rain was exceptional --- from the service, to the food, to the bar --- everything was outstanding
We tried 6 of the appetizers (there were 7 of us) and would recommend all of them
The bartender was generous and the waiter was knowledgable and friendly, making suggestions when we asked
A reservation is a must
Definitely a place to go to again ( and again and again
)
I was a bit apprehensive about going because of some of the reviews, especiially the editorial
I have to say that our experience was wonderful
The food was excellent
I will say that the service at our table was fairly slow, but our waiter was very helpful and friendly
The bartender was outstanding
Some of the best mojitos in town
The steak was phenomenal, and the penang was outstanding
The chocolate cake for dessert was dense and sinful
I recommend Rain, it was a nice night out on the upper west side
A girlfriend who lives on the Upper West Side recently introduced me to Rain and I am so greatful!! A great mix of all forms of Asian cuisine in a great room
