The bartenders are very nice and friendly people to talk to
The food is amazing the bufflo wings, the sexy fries and of course the burritos are so good that while you are eating you feel like you are in heaven
i went down to firehouse earlier today for the first time, im a rest
owner myself and i think this is a great place to just sit back have a few drinks eat some good food, and watch the game
i recommend this place to anyone
This is the best spot in the neighborhood, great drinks better food and hot waiteresses, need i say more!!!!!
The firehouse restaurant is a hip and cool place to eat and hang out in
The food is so good here for example the chicken burrito is amazing that include the beans, rice and cheese
Great place for friends to get together
The Wings are GREAT!!, Good drinks, the decor is one of a kind
Good place to have fun
this is great place if u just wanna hangout and lay low for a while
the drinks are great, and at a great price
cant complain about the service and the ambince was great, what more do u need
oh, did i 4get to say the food is great as well? well it is
strongly recommend :)
I was up at the firehouse for ALL-Star Weekend, it was a great place, the wings were fabolous one of the best I've ever had
This is also a great place to meet lots of people, its a cool ambience
Im talkin to much, so dont take my words for it, go for yourself and find out
i guarantee that will be your new night spot
I see some bad reviews here and I have to disagree
I've been here a bunch of times and have always had good service
My husband swears these are the some of the best wings around and he's a wing-lover
They do a lot of fun promotional nights and the other bar-goers are down to earth and friendly
It's always a good experience
I would recommend to friends
This place is terrible! I wonder what place the other reviewers went to! The absolute worst wings in the city
Terrible service,and bad drinks
The people who work there just don't care!
This is a place that firends visit all the time
We always have a good time
It is a locals place, but is good for stopping by for cheap(er) burgers and such
I like it
Staff is friendly, and it is just a normal low key not in your face place
When looking for a place to drown some pints and slop some wings, this place does it right
Outside seating and cute waitresses! Love it
This place is TERRIBLE! The bartender was incredibly bad
After ignoring us, we get a glass with a big crack in it and a large sliver comes out
Take the drink back, she pours that beer into a new glass and gives it back to us
Do they always serve glass inside their drinks? Then, we are standing at the end of the bar tables
The waitress refuses to serve us because we are standing
We go back to the useless bartender and she refuses to serve us because ONE of the 8 of us was sitting down, so we had to order from the waitress
Our person had to stand up before we could get served
Now, we can't even order a drink that may or may not have glass in it
Possibly the worst service I have EVER received at a bar in NYC
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Have not eaten upstairs, smoking, though that will soon change in Manhattan
This is a lovely place to drop in, relax
Sat
and Sun
brunches are excellent values with ample selections
This is truly THE best place to hold your bridal showers or for a romantic date! The ambience is absolutely perfect for either occasion
Some of us couldn't even finish our DEEELISH dishes - even AFTER sharing portions with each other! The service is superior - Tracy, our waitress seemed to appear out of no where every time always at the right time! She always had a smile on her face, is very friendly, professional and always came back to make sure we were *OK*
I must have been asked if I wanted more coffee at least five times - many places, you're lucky you're even asked once and you get it without a smile
You can't get this kind of package ANYWHERE in Manhattan
Thank you Elle, Tracy respected staff members for making this occasion one we can fondly look back on! I already feel homesick!
My friend had talked up this restaurant to me so much that when she suggested it on Saturday night I jumped at the chance to go
The food and the ambiance did not disappoint - from the sandwiches the kids had, to the entrees we ordered, everything was great
Except for the service! We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill
We came after peak time, so it's not like they were tied up with many tables
The owner wasn't there, as I am told he usually is, so maybe it was a when the cat's away type of situation
We had dinner last Saturday night for a friend's birthday and the food was good for the price
The best part was the free tequila shot for the whole resturant
Not sure if they do this every Saturday night for they patrons, but it was definitely a plus
This place is tiny i will have to say, but good things come in small sizes right?  My friend was raving about it and i said let me see whats so good about it
Well lets start with the place, very cozy, romantic, nicely decorated
I mean just adorable! The staff was very helpful and cordial
I was really enchanted
I had i believe shrimp in mango sauce and it was just delicious
This place is great for a date or have dinner with a few friends but not good for large groups
As a matter of fact, i am going again tomorrow to have good spanish food
I love the food at Cafe Con Leche, but both waitresses last Saturday had the worst attitudes and were so rude I will think twice about going back again
They need to teach their staff how to treat customers and they'll get a lot more happy customers because the food is nice
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices
We go for the brunch quite often and are never disappointed
If anything simply go for the actual Cafe Con Leche it's delicious!
Excellent restaurant
Extraordinary food
Prices are really cheap for what you get
I definetely recommend this restaurant
It is a great place to meet with friends
I dont understand the negative reviews
Don't know how so many could have had bad experiences here
I go all the time
I order out for delivery a lot too
It doesn't have the best service but its pretty good
The food is great
Try the Pollo Enchiladas
It's delicious
Or the Shrimp/Avacado salad
Oh yeah, and the coffee ain't bad either!
The waitrss forgot our order, never refilled our drinks, and brought my food out five minutes before my date's
Skip this one and save the headache!
Had the worst meal of my life here
Really! No kidding! I ordered a pork chop that was as dry as the Sahara Desert and as salty as the Dead Sea! It was so bad I was convinced it was a mistake
I asked my waiter if this was how it was supposed to look/taste
Sad to say, it was
This was a disappointing experience for me
Everything, from plantains to rice had cilantro in it
It gave me a headache
