Just like if I were to cook it, exactly how I like it
not overseasoned, not underseasoned
My husband and I both ate for under 30 dollars! The food is really good, give it a try =)
Whenever I'm in New York, on a Sunday afternoon, you'll find me at Amy Ruth's! I luv the food, especially the Chicken n' Waffles! It's the best and I eat a lot! I don't mind eating so much since you gotta walk to whereever you're going, so you walk off the pounds that you just put on! I recommend to anyone to stop by here!!
The food here is pretty good
The restaurant itself is pretty small though
The wait for a table is usually around 20 minutes, and once you do get a table, you're guaranteed little to no privacy
The wait staff aren't partcularly nice, and did I mention just how small the inside of this place is?! The only thing worth coming back for is the food
I recommend take out!
It was 2:30pm on a blistery coooollld Sunday afternoon
We rode the subway from midtown to this hole
To my amazement a line of six or so people along with the universal please wait to be seated sign are all outside the restaurant
We go inside to see what's going on
There are approximately 11 tables in the restuarant which were all full
After several minutes of waiting inside, a guy comes up to us and says, see all those people outside, they are in front of you, so go back outside and wait
How long is the wait? Oh, I dunno
Went to Miss Mamie's Spoonbread Too on 110th
Loved the food! Got to wait INSIDE for a table!
I WENT TO AMY RUTHS AND WAS PLEASTLY SURPIRSED THE FOOD TASTED LIKE IT WAS STRAIGHT OUT OF MY GRANDMOTHERS KITCHEN
THE MAC AND CHEESE HAD REAL CHEESE AND THE COLLARD GREENS WERE TENDER AND NOT GRITTY
THE SERVICE WAS VERY GOOD AND THE FOOD CAME IN LIKE 5 MINUTES
MY ADVICE TO EVERYONE IS TO COME HUNGRY
Seriously, it was the best ever honey fried chicken I have ever had
It was soooooooo good
The sides I had, mac and cheese and candied yams were EXCELLENT
The corn muffins on the table, free, are so yummy
My mom had the coconut shrimp and they were superb
The regular fried chicken was also super good! I am going back for the ribs! I seriously wouldnt ever hesitate making my way uptown to the best place I have eaten in a LOMG LONG time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The waitress could NOT have been nicer and the meal was a steal
$10
95 for a half honey fried chicken with 2 huge sides and the corn muffin-where can u beat that price with such service and good food?
My friend and I went to Amy Ruth's on a Saturday night at 8:00pm
The restaurant is laid out a little tight, with tables close enough to hear your fellow diners murmuring MMmm this is so good
The waitstaff takes a while to come to your table and take your order but once you've ordered, the food is brought quickly
Ahh, the food! It is true comfort food - collard greens, hot, spicy with the tongue lash of vinegar, mac-n-cheese, with cheese I can recognize and flecks of black pepper, the salmon was good but the garnish of walnuts seemed like an afterthought
I would go back again and I would also make the trip for the take out
The service and food are great! And as an added bonus on the second level of the restaurant there is a live comedy show on Thursday nights at 8pm hosted by comedian John Smooth
Comedy and a meal! He is hilarious,and really knows how to work a room
One particular night there was a very diverse audience and he tastefully made every one feel at home
I had such a good time I came back the following week and cast members from the TV show Saturday Night Live were performing! You really get great food, excellent service, and top notch entertainment all under one roof
I highly recommend Thursday nights!
You'll hear people rave about Sylvia's, Amy Ruth's or SpoonBread Too, but you don't hear Aahirah's Palace cross the lips of soul food epicures
Perhap's it's because the name is a little hard to remember or because it's overshadowed by it's neighbor Amy Ruth's however, this establishment is deserving of it's own kudos
It's a little less crowded than Amy Ruth's because most people haven't caught onto the fact that it's there
At Aahirah's, they offer heart smart pork-less soul food served on white linen table cloths
They do not play up to the somewhat campy Southern decor that soul food restaurants often adopt to give their customers a contrived perception of authenticity, and they don't need to
You won't sit on straw woven highbacked wooden chairs here and there are no antique pictures of departed family memebrs on the walls, but don't be fooled by the lack of artifice
The food at Aahirah Palace is absolutely delicious, it's cheaper than it's neighborhood competitors and you don't ususally have to wait for a seat
I suggest the smothered turkey chops and mac cheese
This place has great soul food! Very delicious and the staff is very friendly
I would recommend this place to everyone
Great food at a really good price
Nice sit down restaurant and is a great alternative to the nearby , Amy Ruth
The food is delicious, cheap and you can choose your portion slides
Even the ice tea is delicious
Great for out of towners who want a fast experience of Harlem Souldfood
NOTE: They've moved across the street to 256 116 St
We ordered appetizers, non-alcoholic drinks, and main dishes for 9
The total came to less than $15 a person-- with tip! The food was great
The majority voted for the spicy cous cous, with the grilled fish, and egg roll (I forgot the Senegalese name) coming in a close second
The service is a bit easy going, and it does take some work to get something as simple as another plate or an extra fork and knife
But the staff is friendly, with great recommendations
No booze (you can't bring it in either), but the African drinks are a treat
--Eat Club is a roving gorup of NYC gluttons
The food is always good
The service can be good depending on who is serving
It is better to take out than to stay and eat
The place is too small and lacks ambience
Prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge
I was at Wimps for the first time today, and from the moment, I approach the door, the ambiance is welcoming!
The staff is friendly, the hostess was great!! nice environment, although a little small, but it's good because it makes it more cozy
Delicious food, and Delicous dessert
The cheesecake is great, and so is the Yellow cake with Chocolate frosting!! I will make sure to go back
Not too expensive compared to other places in NY, it is affordable
Great to go with friends, or even a date, since it is very cozy!!
All I can say is Wow!!! Whatever your needs are Wimp's has it for you
Great soul food, great desserts, and a great gospel brunch on Sunday's
It's worth the trip from where ever your coming from
It's an experience you won't want to miss!!
The sweet potatoe pies are to die for!! I have also had the cream cake lately, and it was sooo good! Plus it was so big, and for the low price, you can't beat it! I definately recommend it for birthdays/parties
I must say, this is the real deal! Banana Pudding is my favorite, but their pies are the best around
Staff is very nice
Prices are cheap for the amount you get
By far the best bakery in the city
Hands down!
The chef, waiter, owners of this little gem really know how to make a regular feel welcome
I have been eating Indian food for over 12 years, and although Ajanta isn't high class cuisine, the food is excellent
If you can't make it to 6th street in the East Village and are looking for Indian food in the Columbia area this place isn't too bad
The atmosphere isn't the best but the food will satisfy your cravings
The specials are cheap
As good or better than any Cuban restaurant in Little Havana, Miami!!!
I find the spicy vegetarian items the best things on the menu (fit fit awaze, timtimo), but some of the meat dishes I have tried have also been good
The main downside to this place is the speed
The service is gracious, but sometimes it takes forever to get the food
Don't wait until you are absolutely starving to go to this place
This place was also good for a group, as long as you keep the speed thing in mind
My group eats here when we're in the Columbia area -- we've tried every place that looks decent and this one ended up being our favorite so far
The flavors are delicate and really appealing
The decor is nothing really special, but there's enough space to feel like you can move around, and there's a good friendly vibe
At least to us, the portions are big -- we get full and get to take some home
Eating with your hands is interesting and all, but the food here is so bland
