It was alfredo sauce colored green
When I questioned our waiter about it, he just looked at me as if how could I not tell this was pesto
This restaurant is no better than the Olive Garden for authentic italian cuisine
There are so many better restaurants in the area, don't waste any time here
For our anniversary, I was taking my wife to a show and overnight in the city
After checking out the different restaurants, I decided on Sofia's
It was the right choice
The food was execellent, the service very professional and all at a good value
I heartily reccommend it for dinner anytime!
If you are looking for a great Italian Restaurant in the theater district try Sofia's
I was there with my family last week prior to a show and I was very impressed
The food was absoutly exquisite and the wait staff was courteous and very helpful for all a very reasonable price
Don't forget to order their fried calamari
You can't get better than sofia's while visiting NYC
Broadway's theater district has a great HIT in Sofia's the food is tasty, bountiful and ready when you need it to be so you can make that all too important curtain call
I love the food , service and that all to visable dessert display! Is Ms
sofia married or lookin for a husband
I am available
If not I guess I will just have to visit the restaurant more often
I went to Sofia's a couple of weeks ago based on the good reviews I read here
I was sorely disppointed
Now I see two more excellent reviews and I felt inclined to put in my poor rating
The only nice thing I have to say is I was seated before my entire party arrived so I didn't have to stand and wait
The restaurant was drabby and loud, food was mediocre, the Napolean was not all that, and the wait staff was absent
No one took away our empty glasses even when they brought us additional drinks! Never would I go back or recommend to anyone
i went to sofia's on a friday night
the place was full and still the service was great
i had a great time
the food was fantastic
The best Italian food this side of Italy! Try the Tortellini Sofia or the Penne Quattro Formaggio (a special that isn't on the menu!) or the Veal Sofia
We were there in November and the everyone treated us very special! A great pre-theater place! Thank you Sofia's!
I love Sofia's!! Try the Veal Marsalla and the Pollo Sofia--they are outstanding!! Also, you must try the home made Napoleans -- absolutely divine! GailD - NYC
1st reserved spoke to owner Ray, asked how we found Raku - said via Citysearch
When we arrived expected to be warm w/ his a/c problems - not!! It was quite chilly so a/c is working! You do need w/ this mucky duck soup weather rain for the hot hot hot cinco de mayo marina firecracker rolls!! for that matter some cold cold milk helped kool our tastebuds cuz those rolls not only delicious but super hot! We ala carte pcs super white tuna, y-tail, scottish salmon, sweet ebi, cal
uni, grilled just right unagi were all oh so tasty fresh
some of the best tasting we have had we tried many places in our travels! 1st time for milky sake - we tasted 8 flavors amongst us, a fantastic change from hot sake - we are converts! Desserts tho simple, simply good banana ice creem tempura! But biz is slow, only 15 seated we had 6 in our party! so svc was excellent
bring a sweater tho!!
Try out this place, but the rating and some of the recommendation posted
The service is slow
Party of 4 took over 2 hours for lunch
The place is small, the air conditioner is alway nonexisting
The fish is ok, but overpriced
The portion is small
I don't understand why all the good ratings from other postings
Is there another Raku that I don't know
If you are tired of large and overly busy restaurants that are so typical of the uptown theatre area, Raku is definitely a place to check out
It's small, meaning the staff is attentive
Service was quick
Not recommended for large groups
Thje selection was outstanding and the menus had explanations of what each item contained
The meal was well prepared and very good
Coming from California, my wife and I have had our fair share of sushi (once a week) but Raku's sushi really impressed me
The prices are reasonable given the fact that Rakus is in the theatre area
The owner, Ray, is great
He explained some of the subtle differences between the sushi we have in California and what he served
Apparently, some customers dont like that but we like to hear that stuff to add to the experience
We ordered the love boat (for 2) and the sashimi deluxe for the 3 of us
It turned out to be a lot of food and in fact too much for us to finish
If you are on a budget, you might want to try something smaller
But every piece of sushi and sashimi was simply great! We also ordered sake and plum wine
The nigori sake was great
With the abscence of decent restaurants in Times Square, Raku is one of the few I return to
Perfect for any pre event you may be going to
Sushi is both fresh, and affordable
Very good Saki selection
Owner and waitress remembered us from prior visits and comped us on a dessert because we didin't finish our Saki on the prior visit
Nice touch that builds loyalty
Dreams of Cinco de Mayo float through my head
Yum
BOC 2005 @ 9
5 is a deserved rating, Raku should have ranked in the top 10 (a thai place beat Raku!)
Ray just remodeled, tough w/ very weak a/c but just sit near the front at tables for 2
w/ improved sushi bar seating, a counter for singles a new private booth for 2! creative rolls still amazing - not too fusion but lots of fun
Quality variety speaks for itself - nice to over hear others compliment Ray the chef
I don't order pieces anymore, just special rolls (cinco de mayo, marina, odd couple, a JP roll, lobster tempura firecrackers - all fantastic tasting, some hot spicy mango-licious
SUM IT: Excellent Japanese fare
But don't take my word, try it for yourself, over 140+ reviewers can't all be wrong I say (do read the bad reviews just in case you are skeptical)
We visited this restaurant based on recommendations found on this site and we both enjoyed ourselved immensely
The sushi was fresh, the rice perfect and there is an ample selection of Japanese beers, always delicious with sushi
The menu contains most traditional offerings, but also includes an extensive selection of specialty sushi
We had the Cinco the Mayo, a spicy/hot concoction that was a delight
I have no qualms in recommending this restaurant to any sushi lover
Variety, quality, freshness, tastiness sells
No a/c doesn't
Ambiance tho nice cozy you still need a strong a/c to eat comfortably
But hey, not paying for decor pay for great sushi, espec
their delicious specialty rolls
Cinco de mayo, marina, morgan stanley, lobster tempura, various mango combo rolls, best spicy sauce home-made ginger dressing (bought a container Ray asked if we wanted a straw, ha ha!)
Ray is nice likes too talk to his guests
Bear with his talking, then you enjoy great sushi sake
Also, who'd think desserts would be good (banana/ice tempura, tasty green tea ice mochi, favorites)
Hot chocolate sake on cold evening was better than sake pure
Ray's milky sake warmed us up wonderfully also
Very tiny busy place, came during pre-theater crush, never again, will be back after their rush! b
t
w
the prices very reasonable for our budget!
You talk way too much to your customers, let us enjoy your sushi! you're way too affectionate
Tho my g/friend, my mom sis love you, I tolerate it (NO NO I am not jealous!)
Because your cinco de mayo, firecracker, lobster temp
