I've always had great food/service
The menu prices are $20-$30 for most dinners but since when is this an unacceptable price for good food? This is great food and a lot of it
If you insist on being cheap here, get the BBQ salad
It has a very generous sampling of all three BBQs on top of a super yummy salad and I think its about $12
True, it is in Time Square which equals crowds/Tourists
However if you live in NYC, you cannot honestly be that opposed to tourists
But if you maintain your bad attitude, please don't let my review change your mind because I'd rather not have you sitting next to me ;-)
The Best BBQ in NYC is Daisy May's USA or Blue Smoke with The Hog Pit getting honorable mention
Virgil's is the Mall version of what bbq should be
The food is all serviceable, buti not exciting at all
I'm on the search for good bbq ribs in NYC
They must be moist, tender, falling of the bone and smokey in flavor
I got the memphis ribs with greens and grits
The ribs were not moist, tender and the flavor was okay
I found the texture to be a bit rubbery (kinda like the one time I tried to make ribs in my oven)
I just had ribs from Brooklyn Biscuit last week, and although they weren't superb, they were better than Virgil's
And cheaper too
As for the sides, the grits were more like soupy cheese sauce; the greens were okay
The cornbread was okay
Why did I go here, I asked myself many times after that day? If you are a tourist, please don't waste your time here just because it's located on Time Square! I accidently had the $40 prime rib (the waitress said it was $17 but it was $40 on the bill - yes I was very upset), which was ordered medium-rare but came out well-done and unpleasantly dry
If you want quality $40 steak, go to: 1
Angelo and Maxis  2
Strip House 3
Del Frisco's  (They don't even cost that much actually) BBQ was as dry and hard as my steak and the smell hurts my nose
If you want good ribs, rather go to: 1
Roy's New York 2
Churrascaria Plataforma
Me and my friends live and work a few blocks away and ALWAYS love going to eat at Virgil's! Go during off hours, becuase the tourists come in droves
But don't let them get to you! The wings are to die for! And the pulled pork sandwhich and banana pudding are just as amazing!
Truly, truly excellent BBQ ribs here
What more need be said? Anyone who would rather go to Dallas BBQ has NO taste in good cooking
You'll never leave this place hungry, and I've always found the service to be quick and friendly
I love BBQ and the reviews I read have been off the charts but I was disappointed
I agree with the other reviewer about their biscuits and grave, they are unbelievable, but aside from that I would rather go to Dallas BBQ
This is certainly one restaurant to reckon with
If you`re looking for TRUE barbque, with the `down to earth` ambience that fits the food, you`ve come to the right place
I`m sorry, if its crabcakes you`re looking for, then try a seafood restaurant !! This is for real barbque lovers
the real stuff !!!! Nice touch with the hand towels as napkins !! The spicy popcorn is a hit !
I wish they had a location on Long Island! I take everyone I know there whenver in the city! It is absolutely heaven! And you must try the Fall off the Porch Iced Tea for all of you Long Island Iced Tea fans
It packs a real punch! An absolute must!
food was cold dry
We had a sampler everything tasted the same
Service was slow not friendly
No thanks
I ordered a club sandwich, but ignored it once I tried my sister's side dish of biscuits and gravy
I ended up eating all of hers because it was just so good! Good apple martinis, too
I usually give restaurants with a rating over 8 a chance, but found Virgil's to be a big disappointment
The crab cakes still had shell in it, cocktails were way too sweet, the sides were bland, and the ribs were kind of stringy and dry -- anything you'd find in any other restaurant (ie, did not deserve to make Best of Citysearch)
The only redeeming dish was the Banana pudding
The restaurant is also very pricey -- so unless you like tourist traps, don't come here
Try the PIGOUT! It's 6 different smoke meats on one very large platter (including riibs) + 2 side dishes
Bring an empty stomach and some will power if you want to finish the entire meal
5* to the chef!
The service and atmosphere were nice at Virgil's
But the food fails to live up to the hype
I would recommend this restaurants for big groups, but don't expect great food
If you want good old fashioned red meat and lip smacking BBQ----go here no where else
If that's not what you want, don't even think about this place
Plain and simple
Just roll up your sleeves and bring somebody to help lick your lips
Not good for a first date!! Long lines--beware!
Huge portions, great wait staff, an excellent location for a pre-theatre meal
The place was packed when we arrived it was a Tuesday night
I'd suggest reservations if you're going before a show
oh, the sweet potato pie for dessert
Mmm-mmm!
Barbecue has found a home in New York! The only bad thing is, everyone seems to know where it lives
Make reservations for anything after 4PM and all day on weekends
The is a watering hole for tourists, so it does get crowded
If you're coming with friends, make sure you've paid you rent first
Between drinks and a full dinner with dessert, you're going to pay a pretty penny
The pulled pork, ribs, chicken, and fish are all done in their Heartland glory
Sides include cheddar grits, baked beans, and cole slaw with mustard dressing
Drinks are top-notch, so pace yourself
Service has always been excellent and I don't expect it to change
Only concern is the Lemon Chess pie
What exactly is it, and are you sure it's supposed to taste that way? Do yourself a favor, don't order it
This place seemed okay but EXPENSIVE and not really given a lot of food considering the cost!! We has crab cakes which cost 11
50 and there were only 2!!! We also ordered popcorn shrimp and were deceived by the size of the container that the shrimp came in
It was mostly LETTUCE!!! This place was okay but for the price could have been better!!!
I live in North Carolina were BBQ IS the best in the world EXCEPT for this place
VIRGILS BBQ! I was very impressed with the entire menu and the great beer selection
If you are in Time Square don't miss it
If you are anywhere in Manhatten, it's worth going out of your way
Enjoy!
Wide beer selection, incredible wings and hush puppies
Even the spicy popcorn at the bar makes waiting not bad
I've never had a bad meal at Virgil's
On weekend evenings you have to wait a while for a table, but it's well worth it
If you get a seat at the bar, the time goes by quickly
You can even order snacks at the bar while you wait for your table
The pulled pork is awesome, as are the mashed potatoes
You've got to have the warm chocolate chess pie for dessert
Watch out for the coffee though--it's VERY bitter!
There isnt much to say but LOVE IT! They have to best BBQ sauce! The Chicken Wings are the best also! The RIbs are great! Everything is great! Ive been there several times! Great apple martinis, with brown sugar frosted apples! YUM! I want to go right now! Great Service as well! Nice warm (HOT)towels at the end of your meal! Great Bar area as well! JUST GO! ENJOY!
This restaurant has great food in a fun, clean environment
Make reservations, especially for dinner, or you might be waiting by the bar for a while
The hush puppies are enough of a reason to go there
Virgil's It's The best
I go there every time I'm in New York City
