Food was great
Service was great
Great selection of fresh fruit
While this corner restaurant seems modest, I've had the best vietnamese food here (and I've tried many places!)
It is family run, unpretencious with a friendly staff and very diverse menu
The actual food was very clean, strange word to use, but true
No heavy sauces, no overindulgence, instead, just the right amount of flavor, spice and character
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu
Review from 3 years ago! And he still kept on coming to the same place
Highly recommended
The service was prompt but a little cranky, with poor communication
The atmosphere was OK but the food was just tolerable and I was disappointed
One of the best Vietnamese food you find in town outside of the Chinatown
The level of the service needs improvement, but I will return for the taste
My friend and I had a tasty noodle dishes and spring rolls
Yum!
I have eaten here twice, and I really enjoyed it alot, and so did my friends
The food is great, the prices are low, and the place is relatively nice
It's in a great area, especially for pre-theatre dining
I really loved the fried shrimp rolls, they were awesome! I will definitely try to go here again
And if you're a vegetarian, there are quite a few choices for you too
was pleasantly surprised
it doesn't look that nice from outside but once inside and UPSTAIRS it was great! the sangria was the best i've ever had
they put every fruit in it
$23 pitcher
they also have other portugese tendancies, meals come w/ vegetables and potatoes instead of the normal pasta but u can request pasta for an extra fee, $6

huge salads, we had chicken, veal and pasta, all 3 were AMAZING! the veal melts in your mouth and the vodka sauce was on point! we did the pri fix, a great deal, $24, not a selected menu, u can choose any of their chicken/veal/pasta dishes! dessert was unbelievable! we had mousse and midnight cake
huge portions~ prices are average, $12-18 meals
i'd def go back!!! they even gave us discount cards to come back again
smaller dining area, no good for parties of 8 or more
This restaurant was completely atrocious
My sister and our friend went here to see our friends perform and that was the only highlight
The service was absolutely horrible, it was a hassle to be seated despite the fact that there was barely anyone there, our waiter did not check up on us and gave the wrong change
The food was terrible, we ordered the shrimp which was overly spicy without any flavor and about the size of a half dollar with nothing else and we were charged about $25 for it
The drinks were way overpriced
The people here need to learn how to run a restaurant properly
There are two things good about this place
The first is that we were seated in no time even though we had no reservations on a Saturday night
The second is that it is decorated nicely
We were seated to a table that had no silverware, not even a napkin
Our waiter showed up two minutes later to take our order and showed up with our drinks 25 minutes later and they were not crowed
We were served our food and had to wait for silverware even though we pointed out we had none in the beginning
This was the last time we saw the waiter until we asked for the bill
The food was horrible
I had the Atlantic salmon
It was flavor less the yucca hash was burnt and the spinach was cold and tasted caned
Now I know why we need no reservations on a Saturday Night
This place charges a 17% gratuity for parties of 4 or more
The waitress looked like she worked in McDonald's
did not give us a wine list and embarrassed me when I asked for a particular glass of wine by saying I couldn't have that by the glass
would have known this if I was given a wine list
Had to track her down to ask what the specials were
Had to ask 3 different people to refill my water glass (approx
time 25 minutes)
About desert
when my friend asked what the Red Velvet Cake was, the waitress replied that's what they are having at that table and pointed there
We were really angry that the gratuity was already included
she did not deserve one
We also needed change (couldn't find the waitress)and when my friend asked the bartender for it he said he didn't have it!!!!????? What a load of crap!
Melt in your mouth corn bread with flaky blackened catfish- delicious
If you order the sweet creamy sweet potato souffl you don't eve need dessert
Great date place with soft lighting, cozy tables with not so knowledgeable wait staff
My hubby had the roasted chicken, which he loved too! Also try the seafood gumbo- very hearty! Great stop for those heading to Port Authority
The food was okay but definitely not worth the price
Ambiance was the best part of the experience - the setting was dim, quite and velvety
Had no complaints with the service
I'd go back for drinks at the bar, but only if I happened to be in the area
I am the child of Black southerners and I was not impressed with this place! At the time that I dined there, not one of the chefs/cooks was a Black American
They were all carribean or mexican
The dishes were not made in the traditional sense and had an island/carribean flair
Most of my family was there for a family celebration and did not like the food at all
Haven't been back since
This place is for people who have no idea what southern-soul food is!!!
My boyfriend and I came here when I was visiting from Houston
We had a really nice time and the food was good
I actually ate everything on my plate and that doesn't happen very often
It's a young to middle age crowd so it's a great place to meet people
Would I go back? Definately!
You're going to LOVE Soul Cafe
It's a young crowd and the atmosphere is lively
All the diners are having a good time
The food portions are healthy and the food is absolutely DELICIOUS!!  Tyra Rice Marriott Hotel
I frequent this place often
I am never disappointed
The entertainment is on key
Even the open mic nights
It gives me a good laugh
I don't think it's worth the $20 or $10
Just tryin to make extra cash
The atmosphere is good for a nice date
I never had a problem with the food
All dishes I've had was very good
the best pizza best pasta ever eaten in this world clean place friendly people great service and cheep  out of this world
best pizza ever!!!!!no imitation this is the real ray`s pizza numero1
This is the best pizza ever! They not only have great pizza but they also have good looking guys that work behind the counter
100% Italian and 100% delicious!!
I had to come to NYC to have the best pizza I ever ate!! Ray's Pizza on 8th avenue was fantastic!
lunchtime is busy as hell but you'll find out why
the pizza is so good
