I have never encountered a bad meal or poor service here! Best italian food I have ever eaten and the waiters are so very friendly
I feel like I am family when I eat here
Very homey atmosphere
Prices are very reasonable! I go to eat at least once a week with my boyfriend and order house wine, appetizers, and two meals and our bill is never over $100
My mom first tried their pizza when she was pregnant with me! I've been loving it ever since
I've eaten pizza around the world and they have the best sicilian!! The place is spotless and the people are friendly!
The Scene Every time another loud, bouncy Mexican tune kicks in on the corner jukebox, you'd swear this small diner is on the brink of a full-on fiesta
But the crowd occupying these wobbly wood tables--a mix of Myrtle Street locals and artsy Pratt students--is here for the food, not the scene
The lack of decor in the front and back rooms focuses all attention on the crowded open kitchen and its wraparound counter, lined with devotees
The Food Castro's is the real thing: inexpensive, unfussy Mexican cooking served on paper plates with endless chips and salsa
Entrees, like quartered chicken plucked from a warmer and sauteed with rich mole, are massive, and all arrive with stacked tortillas, black beans, rice and guacamole
Mix-and-match a meal from husk-wrapped tamales, tacos, gooey rellanos and salad-heavy tostados, or go straight to the mother lode: five-pound burritos, stuffed with everything from shrimp to steak
the burrito here is by far the best mexican i have had in ny
hard to beat the prices too, i would easily pay more
only negative is the decor
wish i lived in the 10mile radius so i could get it whenever i want
totally worth the distance
After being away most of last year, Mary th ebest Mexican chef in teh city is back along with her brother Humberto, th eother best chef
They bring you original Puebla cuisine in a cozy annd warm environment!! Outdoor sitting in the back is a plus in the summer
I live in San Francisco for 14 years and this is the restaurant that is most typical of the kind of Mexican places in the Mission that I loved
My favorite there was La Victoria and this place reminds me of that
I love the fact that they have cabrito (goat) as I grew up on that in south Texas
Their chipolte chicken is just delicious
Regarding ambience, it is great if you long for the down home wobbly tables cramped Mexican places that you grew up with
Castro's fills the void of good mexican places in this neighborhood
The food is fresh and good - and the back patio is nice too: you feel like you're not even in NYC anymore
Watch out for the scrappy orange cat though - he bites
Get the burrito especial con chorizo
You can't go wrong with this spicy sausage, better than the chicken or beef which would be much better if it were seared rather than limply fried on the skillet
This is one of the few places in NYC where they steam the tortilla and then stick the whole burrito under the broiler to toast the top
Try one and you'll scoff at burritos served in the city's other so-called Mexican restaurants
I LOVE Castro's!!! Excellent salsa verde and Santa Fe burrito
You can't get any better than this!!!
This is seriously cheap diner food, people
I always talk about New York prices, but this is cheaper than Denny's in Rapid City, South Dakota
And the food was surprisingly good -- the fries were fresh and crispy, and the waitress, although painfully shy and about 16 years old, was nice and attentive enough
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks? Count me in
I love this place! I've never found another place that can compare to the way they prepare anyone of their dishes!
I have been going to The Crabb inn for years and it surprises me that there aren't a million rave reviews
Though it can be expensive, since you buy the fish and sides seperate and soem might get tired of shelling the shrimp themselves
I think it is so worth it on a Friday night(call in your order, it saves time) at home with my mate
TRY IT
$25 corking fee if you bring your wine dont want their $7 bottles of vendange for $24? a red curry shrimp dish where the only thing on the plate that's tasty is the rice? sugary food color enhanced cocktails? at best, the waitstaff was equipped with honesty about what was wasnt good on the menu, but this place is best avoided if you're hungry or a serious epicurean
the atmosphere is the only draw here, and often, even that is too dark
I have been a customer of this lounge for 3 or more years
When I started to come to Butta'Cup, it was joyous
The drinks were great! No holding back, no sheepish games
The food was delicious and I can count on everything on the menu being available to order
The last two times I've been there, I left disappointed by the way the liquor was made as well as what was available to eat
They're using cheapish ways to make signature drinks (all the martini's tasted horrible)
I also tried to order my favorite dish for the second time in three months, and it wasn't available
What's going on?
The last time I was there I remember the place was overrun by staff or family and friends of staff
How many people work here?? People kept appearing in and out of the kitchen
Overall, the food was decent and everyone was friendly
We just moved to the neighborhood a week ago and have been to Butta Cup twice already
The Tamarind BBQ Chicken is amazing, get it with the Mac and Cheese and you'll be in heaven
The service is great and quite attentive - people there are so nice
Prices are a bit on the high side but not out of whack vs
other restaurants in the neighborhood
Thumbs up!
When I visited Butta' I had great time! I thought that it was very nice, cozy place
I think its a great place for an intimate gathering
so much so I am thinking of having a party there
Watch out for that narrow staircase, especially after a few drinks :-)
If you can get service, you might enjoy the surroundings- especially the upstairs lounge
But at these prices, I expect some consistency
One day the food is fresh, the next week the menu has changed and it's all GREASY, fried crap
We've been there off and on through the 2 (?) years as Butta-and have had everything go wrong at least once
Missed orders-missed desserts-a drink menu-but NO LIQUOR!!Last time we were in Ft
Greene, we went straight to Madiba
Friendly faces, and a menu that actually promises what it says
My-oh-my Fort Greene is getting uppity
Butta Cup is great, if you don't mind the shafting
Neat digs, in the bottom two floors of a brownstone
Nicely appointed, with bars upstairs and downstairs
I ate here once, maybe a year ago, and it seemed like the food was good
I don't really remember
You can do better in this neighborhood, but it was fine
Now that they've got the porch open, what's to complain about? Plenty: $6 for a Corona? $8 for a glass of wine? Are you kidding me? This is Brooklyn
And not even Park Slope
The Butta Cup seems to change hands every fifteen to twenty minutes
And still they haven't come up with a really good reason for me to wanna hang out here
You wanna dance? Go to Frank's
You wanna score? Try Moe's
I loved my food, the food is so good
I love asian food and i love southern and island food
And that blue drink is awesome
My girlfriends and I eat downstairs and then went upstairs to the lounge
We had the best time
Consistently good food, the drink specials are always great for the money conscious but splurge on the lychee martini-yummy!!  They have different events at night there all the time! Plus the garden on both floors are great for their famous buffet brunch
Worth a train ride
I can't vouch for much, but the spanikopita is really good and comes with greek salad
Speaking of which, the greek salad is really good, too
The service is very friendly
I've been going to Cino's for many many years and it's always a special treat
The waiters are sometimes grouchy and the decor doesn't change, but the food is always delicious and satisfying
It's a great neighborhood institution - especially as the neighborhood gentrifies- and it always feels like you're dining with friends and family
I would be very sad if Cino's ever left us
Ok-- don't know why I chose that title, but I do know that the food at Cino's is great, great, great
