I am all about grill marks and a crunchy surface, but they went beyond this
For $79 I expected much more
A visit to the high temple of carnivores inspires one to query on the difference between a chef and a cook
One can only conclude that Peter Luger has no chef, only cooks
Ignoring the mere size of the portions, one bases this on the myriad choices: steak for one, steak for two and so on
There are certainly salad selections: sliced tomatoes on steroids
Or tomatoes on sterioids with onions
Subtleties include whether to slather on Peter Lugers famous sauce
Or not
Which brings us to the steak
Does one need a trained chef to pull them from the grill for rare or medium? Doubtfully
So, what Peter Luger seems to have is a provision-order man who insists on size
And if size is tantamount to imaginative, quality preparation for you, by all means, go
If you can appreciate anything even slightly more advanced, Id advise going elsewhere
Born in Brooklyn in 1953! Eating steaks at Peter Lugers since I was 12 years old! Don't come looking for ambience, service or value! Come here for STEAK!!! Just order it medium rare and enjoy it! If you like it well done, don't come here, go to McDonalds for a Big Mac! Very simple: Steak
Hash browns
creamed spinach!!! Steak Heaven
Averae quality with a high price tag
Not my idea of a great dinner experience and not worth the wait
I would never go back
A restaurant needn't be exceptional to be busy - it just has to have a perception among people that resonates
The perception about Luger's is that they serve the best steaks anywhere
The fact is, the steaks are fine enough but far from exceptional
It doesn't matter - people go there and convince themselves that the steak is wonderful, regardless of that fact
I enjoyed Luger's enough, but I had expectations that required verification
And why the hell do they cut the steaks into pieces prior to serving? You dont have to be a connoisseur to know damn well that cutting a steak up just permits the juices to flow out that much quicker, leading to dried out, colder meat
Eating at Luger's is like buying a pair of designer shoes - you do it so you can tell your friends about them, not because the shoes are that comfortable
Some friends had recommended Peter Luger's to my wife and I several months ago
Well, I recently received a bonus from my Consulting Company for a project I worked on
My wife and I, and my friend Kevin and his wife Robin, we went to New York in STYLE
I rented the largest Hummer Limo and we were off to Peter Luger's Seeak House
We got there, and the resturant was packed, but since I called ahead in the limo to get seated quickly
All four of us Agreed that we had THE BEST STEAK We Ever Had
The service was Excellent, waiters were very funny and did their best to Please Us in Every Way!!! The Tomato and Onion with Peter Luger's Sause was Unbelievably Delicious! When we want an EXCELLENT Steak, Peter Luger Steak House is THE BEST
This is simply the best steak around
The wait staff know not to bother you, but are always around should you need something
Its no wonder they've been doing it in the same location for 118 years, I think one might call that staying power!!  If you are a regular you know you don't need the menu, so it's actually funny when you look around and know who's never been there before - cause they're looking at it!!
Go out to South Williamsburg for lunch and try the burger
It's well worth the trip
Make sure to clear your afternoon for a nap
Three of the four members in our party ordered the porter house and a single cut of meat was delivered to our table which the waiter then cut into thirds
That cost was 50 dollars a piece
Old-school, friendly waiter were helpful and talkative, even though we weren't a conversational bunch
Forget that
After the slabs of red juicy steaks came out, who wanted to waste time talking! It was one of the BEST steaks I've ever had
The quality meat made a huge difference, topped by knowledgable cooking
I think this is one of the thing that everyone should experience it, AT LEAST ONCE!
The staff here is excellent
It's very likely you'll see a star too
I recommend the steak for two very highly--ask you waiter for help and you're sure to be pleased
This is truely a mouth-watering experience
Dessert-lover? Homade Shlag is heavenly--add a dallop to your coffee! And they have their own parking lot!!!
Yes, the ambiance is a bit dark and mellow
but itz a steakhouse that has been around for ages and the atmosphere accompanies it all
I've been to almost every steakhouse in Manhattan and Peter Lugers could never compare to any of them
I've been going to Peter Lugers for ages, and their steak will always be the best
defiantely recommend it
Anyone who bashes this place either has something wrong with them or has stock in some other steakhouse in NY
I went with a party of 7, we all had drinks, tomato and onion salad, slabs of bacon, all the extras and magnificent steaks
We shared three bottles of wine
Everyone had an after dinner drink, and we split two desserts
The bill was $680
After a $160 tip
it came out to $120 a person
We were stuffed to the gills and feeling good
The steak was the best steak I've ever tasted, the bacon was too
The atmosphere was perfect, and the service was incredible
We were seated immediately, we were never rushed, and everything came out in a timely fashion
Absolutely amazing time
I'm a fish eating vegetarian (don't laugh!!!) and I watched as my bf and friends chowed down on the steak
They were mystified by how amazing their steak was, if that's any indication how good it is
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER
It was SO TENDER and just AMAZING
I would go back for the salmon alone
The service was great
True, it isn't a 5-star dining establishment, but people don't go for the service
The waiters have been there for YEARS and they know their steak is amazing
I'm just fortunate to live a few blocks away from my Favorite salmon
Don't go if you're expecting 5 stars or want a fancy night out! My fiance LOVED it and I thought it was OK but that's b/c I prefer a fancier setting
No need to get dressed up here
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table
The fries are good too, as is the bacon appetizer
Go for the experience and see for yourself!
I'm not cheap (I love eating at Aquavit, Balthazar and Angelo-Maxies)
Yet even I feel cheated when I get the bill and realize that I just paid $73
90 for a porterhouse steak for 2 (ordered medium-rare, delivered well-done, dry and tasteless) and I'm not even full
I had great hopes, having heard all good things, but am sorely disappointed
Further, I had to pay an arm-and-a-leg for a taxi from Canal St subway station to get there from Manhattan
If you're from Manhattan, stick to Smith Wollensky's - it will cost you the same - but at least there you'll get a good steak (and you can afford a 2nd bottle of wine!)
Even better, go to Pastis for steak frites - always consistent, and you'll save a ton
Citysearch - wake up and realize that this place has lost its luster
A big Booo for this place!
I HAVE BEEN COMING HERE FOR SUCH A LONG TIME AND I'M SORRY TO SAY A BIT DISSAPOINTED
FIRST, I ORDERED A STEAK FOR TWO MED
WELL DONE IT CAME OUT BURNED AND NOT ONLY THAT, WHEN I ASKED THE WAITER IF HE CAN TAKE IT BACK, HE GAVE ME THIS ATTITUDE AND SAID,THIS ISN'T WOLFGANG'S I RATHER GO TO WOLFGANG'S! THANKS FOR THE RECOMMENDATION!
For a great steak in a great venue, this was, is and will remain the place to go
Not always consistent with cooking the steak (we wanted really rare and it was a bit more well done than that) but still fantastic with a great cut and dependable sides
The staff is fantastic
I put off going here because of the location for years
But, I will surely be back there soon and often
