Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly
Too much of one ingrediant and not enough on another
Still better than PlanEat Thai if you're after a good thai dish, such as spicy noodle
Bonus: Brown rice if you request it
Beware: if you ask for something made spicy they will defintiely comply (look out!)
Russ Pizza serves up the best lasagna I have ever tasted (sorry mom!)
Add on to that their pizza, calzones, and the rest of the Italian cuisine; and you have one heck of a place to eat!  Not to mention the great value you get for your large portions
Did I mention the lasagna?
Words Cannot Express How Enzo's Pizza is the Best Once You Ingest You'll Forget About All The Rest
George is always smiling when I walk into Kings
He always knows what I feel like having and he always has prompt service
whether if I take out or have it delivered
The food is excellent!! The service is excellent!! To me
Kings is the best Chinese place in Brooklyn!!! Thanks George! :)
I've been going to Fiortino's probably since before I could walk, talk, or chew solid food
and my hope to still be going when I can once again no longer walk, talk or chew solid food
Its that good
Food over the years has gotten better and better, the service, while abrupt at times b/c of the crowd is always prompt and the waiters hit it right on the head
Its way out there in the borough but if you happen to be in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn, make sure you don't pass it up
Perfect for kids and large parties
Just make sure you make a reservation if you are a group
my brother brought me here, I was a little nervous, since the restaurant sat next to a funeral parlor
I could see that loads of people came here, it was crowded, and loud and boisterous
The ambiance seemed authentic, But the food was mediocre
I ordered veal marsala, and it came drowning in a  thin un-sauce-like liquid that still reeked of the alcohol not quite burned off
And it sat on top of mushy spinach? spinach? What is lacking here is a sense of what Italian food is about
Fresh ingredients and quickly sauteed' food
I was not impressed
Prices are too high for this kind of food
If you are into the delights of Turkish cuisine, which is almost everything Eastern Mediterrenean and MiddleEast, Sahara is far better than any Turkish restaurant in Manhattan
No, it is not a fancy place for romantic first date, but it has a comfortable, relaxed atmosphere, and very child friendly
The food
oh, the food
fresh, delicious and deservingly priced
Sahara is for those who enjoy eating and responses to a wide range of preferences
Ok, yes its is far out in the middle of brooklyn, yes the wiaters can be hot or cold, but this place knows what its doing
Iv been going to this restaurant since I was a kid and have been more times than I could eer remeber and they have never provided me with a bad meal or for that matter anything less than the bets tatsing kebabs, shepherds salad with feta, lentil soups, yogurt and hot sauces, spinach pies, baklavas, and freshly made out fo the oven bread I ahve ever had outside of the meditteranean istelf
I never complain bout a $25 mixed grill or something ebcause their portions, quick service, andtaste are worth it
$19
95 for a medium-sized plate of so-so hot appetizers? (this price is not a typo)  $12
95 for ok-tasting chicken shish kebab with rice as the only accompaniment? $21
95 for 8 admittedly very good tasting shrimp on a kebab? $2
00 for a can of soda? $4
50 for a piece of baklava maybe 2x2 inches?  Please, these are Manhattan prices of a very tacky Brooklyn location! If the food was outstanding, perhaps these prices could be justified
But the only thing that was above-average were the shrimp
Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere!
Great middle eastern food in Brooklyn
Must try appetizers are the shepherd salad w/feta, the lebne (yogurt w/walnuts and garlic) and the salmon in grape leaves
The homemade bread served at every table will bring you back each time
The fried calamari is done well in a very light batter with a creamy dip sauce
Their whole fresh fish or fish kebabs are all grilled to perfection
The chicken kebab is great and usually better than the lamb, but the lamb and pork chops are amazing
The yogurt kebabs are very special - chicken or lamb kebabs served on top of a pool of yogurt and lightly fried pita chips
The combination is incredible! In warmer weather, the back is open and is a nicer atmosphere than the too bright interior
But the custom printed tables, dishes, and water pitchers are almost worth the trip alone!
I had lamb kabob, but it was very dry and tough
I tried my friend's chicken and it was very tender and yummy
Perhaps next time I will get the chicken
The feta cheese wrapped in filo dough and deep fried is a MUST TRY appetizer
Baklava was soo sweet and soggy
This place serves food good, fast and cheap
I have eaten at Sahara many times and the food is solid
Yes it is far out in Brooklyn, but it's worth the drive
The food is fabulous, the prices extremely reasonable
Drive or ride out to our Brooklyn hinterlands and you'll understand value
Share everything
Take home a doggie bag
And your kids will love the fish tanks
In summer, sit in the garden
You'll love it
Sahara serves up some the best Mideastern food around
Prices are very reasonable, especially considering how large portions can be
I can't wait for the summer, so I can try out the outdoor seating on the patio! I just wish this place were closer to me so I could go here more often
Sahara is a wonderful place! The food is fresh, the waitstaff helpful
It can get very crowded on weekend nights
The best time to go (in my opinion) is for lunch on a weekday
They have several dining areas to choose from, including a smoking room
Upstairs is not the place to be, however, as it is very drab (a throwback to the 70's) and food takes longer to get to you, since it comes from downstairs
Portions are large, and some notable selections are the potato salad, shepherds salad with feta (not the usual greek feta, rather, a creamy turkish one)
All grilled items are great as well!
Foos is great, served extremely hot and fresh
Appetizer is good, but slightly overpriced
We had three waiters, which made things very confusing, as service went from highly inattentive to overly attentive
We were there 11pm at night on a Saturday, and there was a lot of room in the back room, yet the Maitre D sat an obnoxious family with two very loud and misbehaving pre-teen children right behind our table, destroying the romantic potential
Children run screaming up and down the aisle from other parts of the restaurant, which was a huge turnoff, particularly when we went out so late to eat to escape the abrasive restaurant family crowd and to have a romantic evening
We found $30 for two people that included an appetizer, 2 sodas, and 2 entrees to be extremely reasonable, although they completely sold out of chicken and we had to reorder our meal
The BEST comfort Sicilian food in the whole City of New York! If you love good food, warm and friendly service, not too fancy, and definitely not too pricey! This is the place to go for authentic Sicilian cooking
Tripe, Panelle, Pulpo, Vastedde, riceballs , potato croquets
Too many to list, but to die for
Went there last week,had to attend a funeral in Brooklyn, made it there with a 1/2 hour to spare, had another couple from NJ with us, they couldn't stop raving about the food, Paul even kissed the waitresses arm! The food is soo delicious, the 4 of us ate till we couldn't move, and took home food too, all for around $70
00
The best thing to get there is the Panelle Special, which is fried panelle (flattened chickpeas1?!) that are deepfried, and topped with ricotta cheese, and another grated cheese on top, sandwitched in the best tasting rolls
Get the 3 potato croquets with that, and a riceball, and drink a Manhattan Special
You will be in heaven! It is worth the trip from anywhere to eat at Joes!
The food is awful
And the service is as bad as their service
My boyfriend and I went there for his birthday dinner after we read the recommendation on this site
But it was so disapponting
The server (blond guy with blue eyes, we don't even know his name because he came to the table only twice) is rude and incapable and he didn't want to help for anything at all
We had to call and ask him to take our order
